1000	B005LW60OC	R2NKJK96QAXKRO	Melitta 46893 12-Cup Coffee Maker	Great, if it worked properly	This particular one would not turn on immediately when you push the on/off button. You had to push the other buttons (brew strength, keep warm temperature) a couple of times while holding your hand on the warming platform to feel whether the coil had begun to heat. Also the clock kept losing the time. I think it was just a faulty computer module on this particular one, so I returned it to Amazon and bought the exact same model again at a local store. If that one doesn't work either, then I'll know that it is a flaw in the design of this model, but if it does, I'll add a comment to this review and maybe upgrade the rating from 3 to 5.------------------After having bought the same unit at a local store, I can affirm that it works fine. Apparently the first one just had some electronic flaw. I prefer the Melitta brand and others like it, because you can use the cone-shaped Melitta filters in them, which in my opinion produce much better coffee than the flat Mr. Coffee style filters.
1001	B005GUGBS4	R11FJGPQYGYB78	Hamilton Beach Single Serve Scoop Coffee Maker	Great Coffe maker	My husband is thrilled i bought this for him. It just want he wanted.We would both recommend it to others.
1002	B005L3NIRS	R1V3YLQHB33OD0	Melitta 46894 10-Cup Thermal Coffeemaker	Easy to use	Bought this for our workplace so several people use it. Easy and less messy than our previous coffee maker.I particularly like the feature of the 3 strength settings
1003	B000F49XXG	R31B2AQOF3Z97B	De'Longhi EC155 15 BAR Pump Espresso and Cappuccino Maker	DeLongi maker works like a champ	Love it.  I just wish it came with a carafe.  Otherwise, I would high recommend it.  Solidly built product.  Now, I need to find something to brew the espresso.
1004	B003KYSLMC	R1AQ3HHY6AV28H	Cuisinart CHW-12 Coffee Plus 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker with Hot Water System, Black/Stainless	very pleased	I have had the coffeemaker for over a month and I am very pleased. I have had no problems with the hot water side. Very convenient and the water is very hot with no bad taste. I especially like the carafe warming plate. It has a low, medium and high setting. I keep the setting on low and it keeps the coffee plenty hot without affecting the taste. I am particularly sensitive to the "burned" taste of coffee after it has remained in a carafe after brewing - to the extent that I have always poured it into an insulated carafe immediately after brewing. Not necessary with this machine. My carafe does leak when I pour the water in but frankly, I have never had one that did not leak. I would recommend this machine without any reservations.
1005	B00005IBX9	R22DQKIEWJ5AHI	Cuisinart DCC-1200 Brew Central 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker, Black/Brushed Metal	coffee lovers machine	This is by far the best coffee maker we ever owned its a little more expensive but its worth it.It doesn,t have a swing out filter holder like the others i used thus eliminating the sagging  basket.I recommend using a paper filter in the gold tone filter as it makes disposal a little easier.The self cleaning feature and reminder are very helpful.I highly recommend this coffee maker to everyone, happy brewing!:)
1006	B000H4C5FC	RDFWB7CM50Y73	Cuisinart DCC-1200BCH Brew Central 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker, Black Chrome	In the Aye of  A Storm	You know, I was getting a little nuts reading the schizophrenic yet passionate reviews for the DCC-1200. It's hard to believe that one coffeemaker could elicit so many gushing positives and at the same time be lambasted for poor design/engineering.  Well, I made the leap and bought one last night, having just returned a new, fully-programmable, stainless steel,upper-end Mr. Coffee that functioned perfectly as a machine but maybe the taste of the coffee was a little plasticky. After reading the Cuisinart reviews, I felt it as a bit of a gamble to acquire more expensive, suspect machinery for the potential return of better tasting coffee. But the investment has totally paid off, at least in taste. The Cuisinart truly produces a warmer and much smoother cup of coffee than the upper-end Mr. Coffee, using the same pre-ground Folgers Custom Grind from Walmart, a finer than average grind. It is a notable difference, and I guess there is more to brewing coffee than just showering grounds with hot water.Perhaps Cuisinart has made improvements to the product over time,because the unit functions fine and cleans easily, though how it holds up over time remains to be seen.And now, retailers have just cut the base price from $99.99 to $79.99, and with a 20% off Bed,Bath & Beyond coupon, we're talking about a $64 dollar machine that looks great and brews a rich, smooth cup of coffee. You really can't go wrong with this, and the people who complain "you have to turn the knob to 'brew' AND THEN hit the 'on' switch!" need to quit being so...retentive and appreciate the larger picture of a better cup of coffee.
1007	B005L3NIRS	R3523G28GSJ30C	Melitta 46894 10-Cup Thermal Coffeemaker	Slightly disappointing	I needed to replace my cuisinart stainless steel coffee maker and was hoping this would be a good replacement. It is nice that it is stainless steel and has options for brewing regular, bold or strong coffee. There are three things that are disappointing: one of the screws by coffee filter is already rusted after only one month. It is a really odd placement for a screw, to be inside where the coffee is brewed. The second thing that is when you lift the lid to remove the coffee filter, water drains down into the old filter and drips into the coffee pot. The third thing is that the water level on the side starts at 6 cups, which is an issue when making half a pot. If I hadn't had such a great coffee maker previously I may not have noticed the inconveniences with this one.
1008	B000N2YKQ0	R1ICRWWSTC5FAU	DeLonghi ESAM3300 Magnifica Super-Automatic Espresso/Coffee Machine	Great espresso machine with a few cons	I bought this espresso machine a little bit over 2 years ago, it has not given me any problems yet. Maintenance is the key, so make sure you clean it often and use decalcifier. I have been using Durgol Swiss Espresso Special Decalcifier, 2-Pack 4.2 fluid ounce Bottles, which does a great job and is relatively inexpensive, compared to the brand names.Pros:1) It is a low maintenance machine, the only thing you need to do is clean it.2) Easy to make coffee, cappuccino and espresso: just press a button and it's ready (unless you are making cappuccino, then using the steaming wand, it takes you less than 30 seconds)3) The decalcifying process is also easy. It takes 30 minutes to complete.Cons:1) To make relatively strong coffee you need to keep the settings on extra strong coffee and grind the beans very fine (there is a setting for that on the grinder)2) Coffee comes out warm-hot, but not very hot, so if you plan to add milk from the refrigerator, warm it in the microwave3) Espresso is not really that strong, compared to Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts, even on the highest settingOverall, I would highly recommend this espresso machine to people who want something fancier than a regular coffee maker or Keurig, but also want to keep it simple from the point of putting an effort to make a cup of coffee.Feel free to ask any questions.
1009	B000F49XXG	R29AL56FE4YQ79	De'Longhi EC155 15 BAR Pump Espresso and Cappuccino Maker	Good coffee at 1/10 of Starbucks price	This is a nice entry-level Espresso machine. 15-bar of steam pressure is on the low end, but the result tastes good enough for me.It is easy to use and clean it. A 6oz cup of Cappuccino takes 3 minutes and 35 cents. It may not compare to gourmet espresso, but definitely tastes and smells much much better than regular brewed coffee. For casual coffee drinkers like myself, this is perfect.There are two minor issues with this machine, however. First, the water tank can be shaken loose and leak. If this happens, make sure the tank is pressed down firmly. Second, if the machine is left on, it does not have an auto-shut-off function and may overheat, so be careful.
1010	B003KYSLMC	R2L0R3J84S2YXX	Cuisinart CHW-12 Coffee Plus 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker with Hot Water System, Black/Stainless	Great Coffemaker	My last coffeemaker was purchased while I was in college and no matter how much I tried to clean it.. my coffee was coming out weird tasting. So I was on the hunt for a good coffee maker at a great price. I liked that there was an option when you're brewing fewer than 5 cups of coffee and that you could adjust the heat for the coffee carafe.The unit was easy to program and my coffee has tasted great. The gold filter is good, but I don't like ANY sediment in my coffee, so we double up with coffee filters which actually makes things a lot easier to clean. It's a little awkward to pour in the water and crane your head around to look at the water level which is toward the back of the unit, but I love that it comes with a charcoal filter to keep my coffee tasting good.The hot water side has been pretty convenient when I have company over that prefers tea or when I have a nostalgic craving for instant noodles. It doesn't take long at all for the water to heat. The level does seem a bit flimsy, but so far it hasn't snapped off.And finally.. since it's the boyfriend's job to make the coffee in the morning.. I definitely appreciate the "coffee's done" alarm.
1011	B000H4C5FC	R1WU5RXVV51WL3	Cuisinart DCC-1200BCH Brew Central 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker, Black Chrome	Nice coffee maker	I bought this for my in-laws to replace their old and outdated coffee maker.  They are still using it 4 years later and seem to enjoy it.  It works fairly simply.
1012	B005IR4W7W	R3NPU98SSGA1XX	Cuisinart DCC-3000 Coffee-on-Demand 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker	great product	This coffee maker is simple to use and makes great coffee time after time.  Using a burr grinder on the course setting seems to make the most flavorful coffee that is never bitter.  I would definitely recommend this product.
1013	B000H4C5FC	R3C8MKY7VAFB5H	Cuisinart DCC-1200BCH Brew Central 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker, Black Chrome	It was fine until it caught fire this morning	We've had it for a few years. I was sitting on the couch this morning when it started making a strange noise. When I got up to check on it, smoke was pouring from beneath the warming plate. I'm glad I never left this thing plugged up when not in use. I found other stories in the reviews here, plus more in a quick search, about this model catching fire. Beware.
1014	B0002A3S66	R3LUJV4XFG8X24	De'Longhi BAR32 Retro 15 BAR Pump Espresso and Cappuccino Maker	meh	i'll end up keeping it.  just frustrated, really.  my $20 mocha makes a better cup of espresso, no question there.  the foam is pretty good but you've got to dispense the first couple seconds or you'll shoot hot nasty water into your cup.  kind of a pain to operate this thing.  i really miss my melitta from about 5 years ago, it finally died and they don't make 'em like that anymore.  i've tried a couple of these and settled on this. there must be something better out there.  i'm using illy coffee too, so i'm not putting folgers in and expecting miracles.  i use my mocha when i want a really good cup...also the size seems small- i know i'm american so i expect XL everything, but i do have two of these in the mornings....
1015	B004SOZVQ2	R1DG0FKXTXEUH2	Cuisinart DCC-2650 Brew Central 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker	Pleased so far	I love several features. This machine allows you to set the number of hours the pot stays on, control the heater plate and has a very comfortable design for the carafe itself. The temperature of the coffee is the best part. It's the perfect temperature every time.The machine beeps when the coffee is ready. The design is attractive. The water resevoir is easy to read and easy to fill.If I had to pick one thing that I don't like, it would be the total height of the machine. I have to pull the entire unit out from under the cupboards to lift the lid far enough to add coffee and water. If that's the only thing --- I'm good.
1016	B004O0AOMQ	R24LGSCHE8FIDS	Hamilton Beach Two Way Brewer Single Serve and 12-cup Coffee Maker	pot not working.	I had two coffemakers. Made a pot of coffee once, maybe twice for company.  Love the the singer serve. Nice hot coffee but the next time I went to make a pot the water wouldn't come out.  Lots of sputtering.  This happened with both pots.Only had them a few months each.  Called the company.  They were useless to help me.  The first one I had for about six months.  The second is still less than ninety days so will attempt to take back.  Too bad because a I love the piping hot coffee from the singer serve side.  Too bulky for just that though.
1017	B004SOZVQ2	R5YA1P9AMCKLK	Cuisinart DCC-2650 Brew Central 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker	This sucker makes the best coffee	I bought this over a year ago, and it is still making perfect coffee every morning. I recommend this for anyone who wants to invest a little money in an amazing coffee maker. My favorite feature is the temperature settings. If I want my coffee to last longer in the morning - high setting, but if I am more tired than usual, or if I know I wont have long to drink it - low setting. You can start taking big drinks on the low heat setting, but the coffee is still nice and hot. For everything in between you can just keep it on medium. Love this machine!
1018	B0000YTYGM	R1V4CG57X50QIE	Cuisinart DTC-975BKN Thermal 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker, Black	Coffee Maker	Received exactly what was ordered.  The product functioned well and does not have any quality problems.  Shipping time was less than estimated.  Happy with the product and service.
1019	B000F49XXG	R3TQNQ4VJYEEHX	De'Longhi EC155 15 BAR Pump Espresso and Cappuccino Maker	Great espresso ... terrible reliability, apalling customer service - stay away	This machine makes very good espressos and capuccinos. It also seems to offer incredible value ...But here is the catch: the three models I had (including one replacement) failed in exactly the same manner by starting leaking water after about 10 months of use. The first time, I thought I had not cared/cleaned it properly, so I took my loss and bought a new one that I thoroughly cleaned each month. Failed again, exactly the same way. Same for the replacement machine I got under the warranty.I conclude that this is a bad design and a machine to be avoided unless you enjoy buying disposable espresso machines.Now hear this about De Longhi treats its customers: first, to get a replacement under the de Longhi warranty, you will have to pay 35$ (half the price of the machine new, how about that, didn't even know it was legal!). And if your replacement machine happens to also fail like mine did, you're out of luck as the warranty is only for the duration of your ORIGINAL purchase, in other words the replacement machine is not warranted, which I think is SO unfair.BUYER BEWARE. De Longhi makes seemingly attractive products, but the quality is not there and evidently the firm couldn't care less about its customers.
1020	B005GUGBS4	R3SQGQRJIFS21D	Hamilton Beach Single Serve Scoop Coffee Maker	Great coffee easy to use	I, like many, got tired of paying the expensive price of K-Cups and wanted a simple one cup brewer.  At first I was reluctant to buy the "The Scoop" due to some of the negative reviews.  But upon further thought, knowing that I can return anything from Amazon, I decided to give it a try.  And I love it.  It makes a great cup of coffee. Not good, great. Better than the Kurig. So, those reviewers that complain the coffee to weak are either not reading the directions, as more coffee is worse and packing the coffee is going to make a weaker cup of coffee.  I am a Starbucks fan, not Dunkin, so I like a deep rich coffee. I used Starbuck Sumatra with a regular grind.  I was using Dark Magic K-cups.  In my opinion the Scoop wins, and with the easy of use and  the price of the device and the cost of making coffee my Keurig is about to go on e Bay.  Anybody want it?
1021	B0000X7CMQ	R3CENRBEX35GRE	Zojirushi EC-BD15BA Fresh Brew Thermal Carafe Coffee Maker	Great maker for the price	This is a great coffee maker for someone looking to spend under $100. I thoroughly researched coffee makers in this price range and settled on this one despite the negative reviews.1. This maker is easy to use and easy to clean.2. The lid on the thermos is hard to twist if you tighten it too much. Simple solution: don't tighten it that much.3. The carafe is excellent and keeps coffee piping hot for two hours; it is still hot enough to drink without microwaving four hours later.4. The design ensures that the coffee never sees the light of day as it is brewing, so your coffee remains hot.5. I'm not sure what temperature this brews at, but it seems to be hotter than other machines I've tried in the price range.In all, this is a good coffee maker for the price.
1022	B005GUGBS4	R228MW1PMPA0HB	Hamilton Beach Single Serve Scoop Coffee Maker	Much less expensive to use than Kurig	Good cup of coffee.  Nice to be able to use the coffee of your choice and not have to purchase the expensive Kcups.  Very quick - would highly recommend it.
1023	B0000X7CMQ	R3AZXMEXT0PC7G	Zojirushi EC-BD15BA Fresh Brew Thermal Carafe Coffee Maker	Updated:  After Three Yearss	We purchased this machine after replacing a 5-year old Krups machine.  Our finicky friends recommended this machine saying it was the best one they've ever had.  I found it cumbersome to operate.  Here's why:1.  Because it is a stainless steel pot, you have to guess how much water you're putting in the carafe.  Once poured into the machine, you can see how much your putting in but may have to go back to get more water.  Wouldn't be a big deal in of itself except for another thing...2.  The lid.  The design is irritating beyond belief.  You twist it on and after brewing have to use a towel to untwist it because it gets vacuum sealed on there practically.  Also, when pouring, you have to untwist it so the "O" is matching the "O" on the spout.  And then it's a slower pour compared to the plain ole pot.3.  The coffee basin lid needs to be snapped into place to create a seal on the aroma. Why not just make a lid that closes and seals without having to push it down and snap it?I'm sure all these things except for the first make it a technically great tasting cup of coffee, but for me, the average Jane, just wanting a quick cup of joe... it's a few too many steps for me to enjoy fully.Maybe I'm just too cranky before I get my first cup?********************** Update 3 years later ***********************Machine is a trooper!  One to two pots a day and I got used to the features after a few weeks.  I have to admit, it makes a flavorful cup o' joe and I always get compliments from family & friends.TIP on CLEANING:  The only way to get the stainless caraf like new is to put a TEASPOON of automatic dishwasher soap and fill the caraf with hot water.  Let it sit a good long while (hour or so) and rinse thoroughly with more hot water.  Sparkles like new!
1024	B0008JIW8U	RWASPWZJSFY2A	Mr. Coffee DRX5 4-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker, Black	Pretty good but...	This is a good coffee maker, but the 4-cup description is not accurate. Unless the cups are 4-6 oz a piece.
1025	B000F49XXG	R1QVMSNDF8PRFA	De'Longhi EC155 15 BAR Pump Espresso and Cappuccino Maker	Dies after 1 1/2 years	This espresso machine was a wedding gift and it worked really well for a year and a half and then it just stopped heating water. I called the company and they said that it was not repairable and to toss it out. If it had lasted longer I would have rated it higher. One other issue is that it's not very consistent in the flavor of the espresso. We use the same brand, and sometimes it comes out without a crema.
1026	B00005MF9C	R312RV02EW5Z8	Black & Decker DCM18S Brew 'n Go Personal Coffeemaker with Travel Mug	Black  & Decker Personal Coffeemaker	I was very happy with my purchase. I received it in a short time and am enjoying it daily. Thank you so much for your quality service.
1027	B000F49XXG	R1QUTAXZ5RW9BX	De'Longhi EC155 15 BAR Pump Espresso and Cappuccino Maker	great espresso but no room for larger cup	This coffee maker was a gift so I asked the recipient how to rate it. She said it made excellent espresso coffee, but there was room for only a demi-tasse cup under the delivery spout, no room for a larger cup as for a double or a cappuccino.
1028	B003KYSLMC	R2F5STW0QYR6YY	Cuisinart CHW-12 Coffee Plus 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker with Hot Water System, Black/Stainless	Leaks,Leaks,Leaks!	This coffee maker is a few months old and yet, it is not usable! This coffee maker leaks from the bottom,leaving a dark scum underneath the machine. We think the water is backing up in the reservoir, but we make 2 cups of coffee per day?  What machine can't do this? Long and short of it, decide for yourselves, but we will no longer purchase things like this from Amazon.
1029	B000AQSMPO	R2EJKY3CFYIE34	Keurig B60 Special Edition Brewing System	Buyer Beware!	I'll start by saying the Keurig B60 makes a phenomenal cup of coffee. Now for the bad news. After having it for a month and a half the three buttons that determine the amount of coffee that is to be dispensed do not work properly.Sometimes they provide the right amount, and sometimes they don't. I should add that I use only spring water,have cleaned the two "needles" that puncture the K-cups and have even cleaned it with vinegar as recommended.For those who are considering buying this product,do a Google search on it and you will see countless numbers of people who have had the problem I am having and ones much worse.
1030	B005IR4W7W	R2FMWI8YCMR0XO	Cuisinart DCC-3000 Coffee-on-Demand 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker	great buy	this is a great buy i love the features and easy to use we have hard water so i love that it has a water filter. best coffe pot i have had
1031	B0047Y0UQO	R1A3NWVWG3VGPE	Mr. Coffee BVMC-SJX33GT 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker, Chrome	Be Careful	If you don't put the basket in just right (no room for error) you will have a flooded mess of coffee grounds. I am careful and it can still happen. The carafe tends to leak when pouring a cup of coffee. It makes decent coffee and looks nice, but I am looking for a new one that I can rely on. I think it's worth to spend an extra $20 and have a solid coffee maker.
1032	B005BG7MK4	R3E0PTOYF62ZBX	Mr. Coffee BVMC-EL1 Cafe Latte	The best product ever received	My husband got this for me for our Anniversary and I just love it. I go to Starbucks at least twice a week . This automatic latte maker is so easy to use that Starbucks is going to loose a lot of my business. You just put a few tablespoons of reg coffee , add water and milk, add your favorite coffee syrup(sold at most grocery stores today, and Target sells Starbucks syrup) it takes about a minute and voila , you have a great latte. I really hope whoever buys this enjoys it as much as I do!!!!!
1033	B0009YDHPC	R2RIJ8Y8E8LYDH	KRUPS XP1500 Coffee Maker and Espresso Machine Combination, Black	Great coffemaker for the price	I love this coffeemaker.  It is quiet while it brews and takes only a few minutes to make an entire pot.  I don't use the cappacino portion too often, but I like having only one machine on my counter instead of a coffemaker AND a cappacino machine.  This is a very nice product.  I would highly recommend it.
1034	B001G8Y2X6	R2A43SYZEFETGN	Cuisinart DGB-625BC Grind-and-Brew 12-Cup Automatic Coffeemaker, Brushed Metal	shipped fast,works great	got order faster than expected, was packaged well. took it out of box and was using right away, great. thanks.
1035	B000Z4RKYU	R15NLQOG20SIMW	Hamilton Beach 48274 Brew Station 6-Cup Coffeemaker, Black	RUN... Don't walk from this coffee maker -	Great concept - Terrible execution! Extremely flimsy - I've never seen such a low grade plastic. Be prepared for it to slide all over your counter. Because it's so light weight even when full, you MUST hold it when dispensing. The condensation issue is seriously flawed. Opening the cover results in water everywhere - get the paper towels ready. The idea of no carafe is pretty cool, but keeping old coffee in the internal tank is kinda funky. Because it's got nooks and crannies it's very hard to clean. Even at full capacity it only makes 1.5 good size mugs of coffee. Who uses actual "cup" sized cups anymore? For $5 more I bought the Mr.Coffee with tons of features, one of which was the fact that as soon as the lid is opened ALL the condensation goes directly back into the reservoir without spilling a single drop. It also included a carbon filter, but best of all you can make anywhere between 4 and 12 cups - much more flexibility.Amazon was GREAT as usual, they took it back and issued a refund before I even shipped it back. They should really reconsider offering this model at any price.
1036	B000N2YKQ0	R3SMRQP3Y4Y9I1	DeLonghi ESAM3300 Magnifica Super-Automatic Espresso/Coffee Machine	One of the Best Super Automatics Out There for the Price	I have the EAM3200, which is the previous model version. The differences are slight but noticeable to the newer. These machines are the best in class for price and performance, produce a great espresso, and are maintainable in ways that other manufacturers models are not. The coffee from the Delonghi is just as good as from Jura and even some manual models such as Expobar and Rancillo. It is very close to what you find in Italy - not quite, but for the price it is worth it. Great crema, hot temperature, rich flavor. And the best part is you can pull out the brew mechanism and clean it - VERY key. This will ensure sound operation and function for many years.In order to keep this machine is fine working order, you need to do a bit of upkeep each week and use the right beans.1. Only use non-oily, 100% Arabica beans. If you use oily beans it will clog frequently and attract rancid flavors. It will also shorten the life of the machine. I use Illy, but any espresso will do (I actually get the Illy dark roast - it has more flavor when brewing a larger "americano" cup).2. Clean the brew mechanism once a week. Just snap it out and run it under hot water.3. Use spring water instead of tap water. This will keep any weird flavors from your tap entering the coffee. It may build up minerals, but...4. De-calcify the machine when it asks for it - don't wait.I, for one, would rather have manual controls over coffee amount, strength, etc. You are not losing out on anything by not having digital controls - other than not being able to have the machine automatically on and ready to go when you first wake up. As for the other models ability to do milk-based drinks at the touch of a button - how often do you really want a cappuccino? If it is every day, then get the 3500. If you are like me and need real coffee in the morning, then get this model. The milk canister can only sit in the fridge for so long. If you are planning to serve cappuccino at dinner parties, then you are committing Italian heresy - cappuccino is only served in the morning.CONS1. The cup warmer does not work very well, but get double walled cups and the temperature of the product will not be an issue.2. You can't have it turn on automatically at a certain time. But it only takes a few minutes to get up to temperature.3. It is NOISY.My espresso settings - coffee amount at 10 o'clock, strength at 3 o'clock, single cup dispense. Super double espresso in an espresso cup. I may have 2 of these on a saturday.My wife's "americano" settings - coffee amount at 3 o'clock, strength at 3 o'clock, double cup dispense. Full cup of rich coffee in a normal cup.Bean grind at 5.
1037	B000H4C5FC	R1Q6IRFLMJ0WLZ	Cuisinart DCC-1200BCH Brew Central 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker, Black Chrome	Decent for a decent price	I'm quite enjoying my Cuisinart, with only one middling complaint -- it is hard to pour water into it due to the design of the water reservoir, the reservoir lid and the coffee pot itself.  Other than that, it makes great coffee.  Not only that, but it keeps it hot enough for my wife (who prefers her beverages as near the boiling point as possible) for hours after brewing.  It's a nice looking unit as well, although not as large as its imposing pictures make it look.  All in all, a great buy.
1038	B00005MF9C	RG6MVZJOQ86V4	Black & Decker DCM18S Brew 'n Go Personal Coffeemaker with Travel Mug	A Fine Cup of Coffee	Compact, lightweight. Gets the job done and makes a good cup of coffee. I've been using it twice a day for months now, and I'm still happy with it. I recommend it, especially if you have limited kitchen counter space.
1039	B001G8Y2X6	R15847O3A2GB4M	Cuisinart DGB-625BC Grind-and-Brew 12-Cup Automatic Coffeemaker, Brushed Metal	Great coffee maker!	I love this coffee maker.  It brews good coffee, very quickly.  The design feature I wish they would fix is that you have to wash the grinder every time it is used because it gets saturated with steam.  But really, this is my only complaint and the reason for four instead of five stars.
1040	B000N22JPE	R161ZFPUSGISE7	Cuisinart DCC-1100BK 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker, Black	Not worth the $$	I decided to replace my 15 yr old Proctor Silex because I was concerned about 15 yrs of boiling water going over and through it's plastic innards. After much research, I realized that it's impossible to find an automatic drip coffee maker that doesn't contain plastic. I read a bunch of reviews and went with this model based on looks and price. However, this model is even worse than my ancient Proctor Silex--it actually has MORE plastic, which hardly seems possible. Topping it is the plastic pour spout on the carafe to guarantee I get that last dose of endocrine disruptors before I drink my cup o joe. Had I seen this in a store, I'd have passed on this model because of the plethora of plastic. Really, I can't get over the fact that they went to the trouble of putting extra plastic on the tip of the glass carafe. Why???And yes, I know I could use a french press or similar, but in the am I need fast coffee and lots of it! Oh, and it really does take 12 minutes for the brew cycle, and although the description here makes a big deal about it's "brew pause" capability, my instruction manual says NOT to use it. The brew pause is just like my old PS--if you take out the carafe, the water opening closes, although some still drips out. State of the art it is not!It makes a good cup of coffee, but most drip makers do. As other reviewers have pointed out, it has a LOUD irritating alarm. And the alarm goes off even if you are using the regular brew cycle (not the programmed delay).I paid $52 for this and since it'll cost me $10 to return it, I'll keep it. It looks nice and I feel quite posh with my Cuisinart coffee maker on the counter. But really, my $25 Proctor Silex has less plastic and is still going strong after 15 years. Reading these reviews, I'm doubtful the Cuisinart will make it that long. All in all, I would not recommend this maker unless you get it for some wonderful deal.ETA that one month later we've broken the carafe. Totally our fault but I see that it's $20 to replace. I could buy an entire coffee maker for the price. The glass is thin which keeps the coffee hot but also means easy breaks. Really, unless you're big on name brands, pass on this and get a cheaper Mr. Coffee like Consumer Report recommends.EDITED 7/11  The coffee maker just died. Hubs thinks it's a fuse because he saw a spark. We got two years out of this coffee maker. Debating whether to order a fuse and try to figure it out, in the meantime have broken out the now-18 yr old made in America Proctor Silex. Which still works. Thanks for nothing, China!
1041	B004O0AOMQ	R290J9JYLC0QV3	Hamilton Beach Two Way Brewer Single Serve and 12-cup Coffee Maker	Wow, convenient and good looking	A nice utilitarian addition to the kitchen. The concept is great, either one cup with traveling mug on one side, can use some pods. A regular carafe on the other side.The operation is easy, when on, the blue light goes on. Very nice. The coffee is hot and one can make it dark with a brew option.The parts as usual look flimsy plastic. I hope they last for some time. A timer is very useful. There are many such nice coffee makers in the market. For around $70, this one with single cup serving appears to be the best.Beware: when ordering. A permanent gold filter can be got for a penny more, if you check the right box. I forgot. Will have to shell out five bucks for a new one. One can of course keep on using regular filter. The single side has a permanent filter which doubles as a scoop. Just started using it, and liking it very much.
1042	B00005IBX9	R2AXEP2RPCCV6H	Cuisinart DCC-1200 Brew Central 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker, Black/Brushed Metal	Perfect	Why did I hold on to my last (piece of junk) coffee maker so long?  This makes perfect/perfect coffee every time.  It might cost a little more, but the quality of craftsmanship will save me money in the long run, it will last longer.  Timer works perfectly, my device-challenged wife has no trouble with it.  The features are exactly right, not too many, but has the ones needed.
1043	B000N22JPE	R15IGR6W2FP77R	Cuisinart DCC-1100BK 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker, Black	Very Easy to Use with excellent coffee results	I am very pleased with the Cuisinart DCC-1100BK 12-Cup Coffeemaker, which I purchased from Amazon.It is easy to use and program according to my particular needs.
1044	B002Z1Z79G	R1W14T1M1TZX8Q	Mr. Coffee JWX3 5-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker, Black	A simple Suggestion	This coffee maker makes very good coffee.  The carafe is a perfect size for two large cups coffee.  I would have given it five stars if Mr. Coffee had made the clock more easily visible.  The clock is recessed into the frame and not back-lit making it necessary to tilt the maker backward to allow light to illuminate the display.  While tilting it backward you then use a free thumb and the other hand to advance the time to the time you want it to brew.  If you can handle this it's a good coffee maker.
1045	B003KYSLMC	R1YZX3X8OJAZA0	Cuisinart CHW-12 Coffee Plus 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker with Hot Water System, Black/Stainless	We are very pleased with this purchase!	We have gone through a lot of coffee makers in the past few years.  This time we decided to do some extra homework, and eventually purchased this one.  We are very pleased with the purchase.Pros:- Hot water dispenser (obvious)- Ensures condensation falls back into reservoir- Very easy controls and programming- Alarm when brewing is complete- Notifies you when it needs more water- You can set the temp and length of time to keep the heating plate active for the coffee potCons:- Does not purchase new coffee grounds when we get low- Does not deliver cups to my office (I actually have to walk over to the pot)
1046	B000H4C5FC	R3GLCLYYX3T4WW	Cuisinart DCC-1200BCH Brew Central 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker, Black Chrome	8 years of great coffee	We got the coffee pot as a wedding gift eight years ago. We have never had problems with it up until about a week ago. It quit brewing ful pots and would turn off as soon as it was done brewing. Today it won't turn on :(. I read complaints about the water well being too small; was not a problem for us. The electronics, setting the timer and what not was easy enough. All in all I will be purchasing another one of the same.
1047	B0000YTYGM	R2KQRPPWZMOJR7	Cuisinart DTC-975BKN Thermal 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker, Black	Wonderful coffemaker	This coffee maker is simply wonderful. The coffee it makes is outstanding. The thermal pot keeps coffee very hot for almost 5 hours with no change in coffee taste. Would definitely recommend this coffee maker to everyone.
1048	B001G8Y2X6	R2ZA0M8JAMYMS3	Cuisinart DGB-625BC Grind-and-Brew 12-Cup Automatic Coffeemaker, Brushed Metal	Good Mill & Brew	The machine is simple to use and makes good coffee. I was a little disappointed that there is no method to select a type of grind but it makes good coffee with the preset. I did found the top of the carafe a little difficult to remove and replace until I got familiar with using it. Overall, I am very satisfied with the product.
1049	B004O0AOMQ	R208HF2P0MX5LF	Hamilton Beach Two Way Brewer Single Serve and 12-cup Coffee Maker	Love it	We love this coffee pot for the different choices it gives you. It is working well with my husband who just does the single serve in the morning for work. We are saving on buying coffee cause he is not making a whole pot for 1 cup. Then on the weekend he can make a whole pot.
3000	B005GUGBS4	R2YHOKD7IURB4H	Hamilton Beach Single Serve Scoop Coffee Maker	Compared to a My K-Cup, this wins	If you are looking at this product I'm guessing you're like me...trying to save money by making smaller amounts of coffee at a time and totally against the idea of the wasteful expense of a K-cup system. I think it is safe to say this is a great option for you.The product makes a good cup of coffee. It's only real flaw is the water only gets "adequately" hot, rather than piping hot. I found that running my cup under hot water for a few seconds before brewing greatly helps that, and if you are drinking the coffee immediately after brewing it is really not an issue. Compared to a K-cup unit, I think it's actually a more drinkable immediately.Using this unit should save you a lot of money on coffee. I also have a typical ten-cup coffee maker, which uses ten full teaspoons for one pot of coffee, giving me 4-5 actual mugs of coffee (two of which usually get wasted). With this unit, I use 2.5 teaspoons of coffee to make about a mug and a half of coffee, none of which gets wasted. Plus I have found that immediately refilling the water and running it again with the same grounds works great. So call it 3 mugs of coffee with only 2.5 small scoops of grounds and no waste. My regular coffee purchases have decreased dramatically since buying this unit.Overall the coffee is flavorful and not weak as long as you use the "bold" setting. Is a much bolder and smoother brew than your basic Keurig cup. I use a My K-Cup in a standard Keurig machine at the office, and I like the Hamilton Beach unit's coffee much better.Many reviews here have complained about splattering or messy grounds...all I can say is your mileage may vary and you have to experiment a little for example I found that grocery store bought bags of Seattle's Best work great in this unit, however Gevalia Grounds are too fine and tend to make a mess. Regardless the unit is really easy to clean.
3001	B005L3NIRS	RGF2431G4LZ3Z	Melitta 46894 10-Cup Thermal Coffeemaker	Leaked after 11 months - Melitta did replace	Used about 3 days/wk for 11 months. Made great coffee and was cleaned monthly.  It just recently started leaking..  If I make 8 cups, it leaks at least a cup or two on to the counter.Edit 1/8/13:Increasing to 3 stars from one star.  Spoke with Melitta customer service.  They are going to send out a new replacement. I just have to pay $14 for shipping.
3002	B002C3T8Q0	R3HQRFY0UNTRD1	Black & Decker DLX1050W 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker with Glass Carafe, White	Poor Choice for a Coffee Maker	This unit makes a fine cup of coffee, but it is extremely difficult to pour without spilling.  This has to be a design flaw.  I have never owned a coffee pot where I had to pour a cup over the sink because the pot drips all over the floor (and I am not talking about two or three drops...it is enough to require a towel and make you mad).
3003	B001EU9UTM	RJLECH7PYQJ7Z	Mr. Coffee ECMP50 Espresso/Cappuccino Maker, Black	Best Affordable Espresso Machine yet!	I worked at S-Bucks back in the day of a hand pulled shot. Their new electronic machines just don't cut it. This machine replicates that hand-pulled taste I've longed for. I owned an expensive S-Bucks machine and hated it. This machine pulls perfect shots with beautiful and tasty crema!! It froths milk easily, only room for improvement is if the steam wand could pull out in other positions but I'll live with it. Make sure to buy a PUMP driven machine if you want AUTHENTIC espresso, the others won't cut it! I'd recommended this as the perfect gift or addition to your home. You will be pleased. (Make sure to follow the step by step guide until you have it down and MAKE SURE to prime the pump!!)
3010	B000N2YKQ0	R1ESS9QMU32QER	DeLonghi ESAM3300 Magnifica Super-Automatic Espresso/Coffee Machine	Amazing!!!	Definitely worth the cost! Makes a wonderful cup of coffee....espresso...cappuccino whatever your fancy is!  While intimidating at first, it is quite easy to use and the milk frother makes a perfect and hot foam!  Enjoy!
3011	B00006IV0Q	R2X65NSOSMYJD2	Presto 02811 12-Cup Stainless Steel Coffee Maker	wonderfull coffee	I bought this since my drip coffee maker died. I've only had it for a few weeks but have been making a pot of coffee with it everyday. Very easy to learn to use and the coffee tastes much better than my old drip coffee. I love that it stays hot all day, I can have the same hot coffee at night as I did in the morning. No burnt or bitter taste. I find I can use less sugar or cream since the coffee tastes so much better from this!I'm using my #4 cone filters up with it by tearing a small hole to put through the tube and just folding it down to fit in the basket. I seen a local store does have round filters so I will get them when I finish up my other ones. While some grinds will get to the bottom and might find themselves in my last cup of coffee, as I get better with fitting the filter in I get less or no grinds in my coffee.Hope it lasts for years to come and I'm one of those people who are still using theirs after 10 years ;)
3012	B005GUGBS4	R2XFLLM00M9KD8	Hamilton Beach Single Serve Scoop Coffee Maker	Leaked and splattered	This purchase was returned because it leaked and splattered over the counter.  The water ran too quickly through the grounds and the coffee was weak no matter how firm the grounds were packed into the cup.
3013	B005LW60OC	R2U7NXVPWVKHAR	Melitta 46893 12-Cup Coffee Maker	Brews well, Leaks badly, Breaks easily	I have trusted Melita.  I had this coffee maker for 4 months. It makes good coffee -- I especially liked the "robust" feature that strengthens the coffee while brewing (brews slower though).My complaints are similar to other reviewers:  the carafe is soooooo leaky -- every time you pour, whether into the water reservoir, or into a cup, the liquid runs down the side.  Originally I thought, no big deal.  Except it became a big deal when I kept pouring coffee on the counter, which ran under the coffee maker, or when it splashed it on me.  I kept a towel next to the pot; tried to pour using the towel as a drip rag.  Semi successful, but a pain.Then there is the carafe breakage issue -- just as others said, the glass is so thin, remarkably so for a coffee carafe.  And like others, it took nothing at all to break it.  I simply set it down on the counter -- I did not drop it, throw it or slam it.  I just sat it down on the counter.  I've never had any other type of beverage holder breaks so easily.So I enjoyed delicious, robust but rather messy coffee for four months.  Then the whole thing went into the garbage.  Very disappointed that Melita put out such a substandard product.
3014	B0008JIW8U	R15GXDHEOBU5VP	Mr. Coffee DRX5 4-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker, Black	brews great coffee	Love the timer feature. Keeps excellent time and makes up to 4 cups of coffee in less than 5 minutes
3015	B005L3NIRS	R3JCQT4RKJXE0A	Melitta 46894 10-Cup Thermal Coffeemaker	Makes excellent coffee!	I love this coffeemaker. I have had it for a month now. Brews coffee plenty hot and the blue light is like a night light in my kitchen. I think a cone filter makes much better coffee than a basket.
3016	B000F49XXG	R3JMXNTHSMDAHC	De'Longhi EC155 15 BAR Pump Espresso and Cappuccino Maker	Best bang for the buck! Excellent espresso every time!	I cannot believe that people have problems with this:a) it is only supposed to pull 1 or 2 oz, any more would be weak. This is normal.b) use a 10 or 12 oz frothing pitcher and swing the arm out to the side like you're supposed to. You CAN froth milk nicely. It takes practice and I'm still perfecting it.c) If you are not able to fit 2 full scoops in then I'm not sure what you're doing wrong. I am grinding my espresso using the fine setting on my Capresso Infinity burr grinder and it will fit two FULL scoops into the larger filter. You should be adding a little at a time then banging lightly on the counter to settle it, then add more. At the end, lightly tamp before pulling the shot.d) The espresso is plenty dark. If yours isn't try a different grind. I can pull a 25-30 second shot with this using Gimme coffee's "Leftist" from the fourth fine setting on my Capresso Infinity. It is an excellent shot. On par with those Gimme pulls themselves, and also any bit as good as one from Berkeley's Illy cafe or Yali's. If you're using E.S.E. I feel bad for you. Save your money and buy yourself a Mr. Coffee machine. If you have a true love for espresso you'll take the extra two minutes to grind your beans immediately before brewing!Overall: This is an EXCELLENT machine for the cost. I returned a Gaggia machine and am more pleased with this one. It is compact, does exactly what it is supposed to, and it is paying for itself every day. If you buy this a good item to pair it with would be a quality burr grinder such as the Capresso Infinity. I can vouch that the pair make espresso of the utmost quality.Cheers!
3017	B00005IBX9	R17LMUOVZ8V6LQ	Cuisinart DCC-1200 Brew Central 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker, Black/Brushed Metal	Holding up just fine.	I needed a replacement for my Mr Coffee that failed (could not read the LED clock).  I have the Cuisinart bean grinder so this where I started.  I keyed in on this one and the 14 cup model.  Everything works as advertised with a few minor exceptions-  When you open the lid to remove yesterdays grounds, the water condensation will pour off the lid onto your counter, also adding the water can be interesting if you use the carafe,  it's a dribbler.  I use a separate pitcher - problem solved.To wrap things up -I've had this model about 4 months and it is churning out fresh coffee on a daily basis without fail.  Amazon had the best price although the shipping cost canceled out the mail in rebate. (Which the local sales tax and gas cost would have also canceled out the rebate).  I can recommend this brand/model.
3018	B003KYSLMC	R1QU6QVQBQ3W7L	Cuisinart CHW-12 Coffee Plus 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker with Hot Water System, Black/Stainless	Awesome Coffeepot!	We literally use this coffee pot every day and sometimes twice. It's nice to have hot water for tea when I don't feel like having coffee, and with four coffee drinkers in the house and company, it is the perfect size. It brews very fast and knowing when it's done or when it turns off (it beeps) is an added bonus!
3019	B001CNG7RY	R78APYADQGNK5	DeLonghi EC702 15-Bar-Pump Espresso Maker, Stainless	YUMMMMMMMOOOOOOO	This was a gift and it is used nearly everyday! It makes great espressos! We even use it to make mochas!
3020	B000Z4RKYU	RYXKWFFP920CX	Hamilton Beach 48274 Brew Station 6-Cup Coffeemaker, Black	Coffee Maker	This coffee maker is perfect for me, because I only drink 3 cups of coffee in the morning.  I like getting 1 fresh cup of coffee every time.  I gave it 4 stars because the automatic timer doesn't work.
3021	B0002A3S66	R3FD9XC8LTMDO7	De'Longhi BAR32 Retro 15 BAR Pump Espresso and Cappuccino Maker	Satisfied Customer!	I read a bunch of reviews before buying, including reviews of other machines before deciding on this one. The bottom line is it makes a great cup of espresso!  Additional points:  1.) It was the cheapest pump-driven machine I found.  2.) It is smart looking and doesn't take up much space.  3.) It has more plastic parts than I prefer, but it is light weight, which I like.  I use the machine daily; it has been trouble free.  I recommend it without hesitation,
3022	B000H4C5FC	R2NN3JXVUY7D08	Cuisinart DCC-1200BCH Brew Central 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker, Black Chrome	Get a cheaper one	For half the money you get a better Mr. Coffee. Here are the problems with this one:a) Coffee taste the same or lower than Mr. Coffee's thermal carafe machine.b) If you remove the carafe on this one, it always drips - always. You'll hear and see the drops and you will have to clean them.c) It brews "too fast" - and then the coffee keeps being heated, until it starts having a burned taste. You have to serve it fast or use a thermos.d) Strange taste from the charcoal filter - I had to remove it and clean the machine with vinegar twice (it had bad taste when it arrived, and the filter made it worse).e) You will probably spill a lot of water while trying to fill the water tank - the opening is narrow. It'll probably spill on cables or wall plugs - that's because the power cable of this machine is very short, which means it will be really close to the wall plug. A bit hazardous.It looks high tech but the coffee doesn't taste well, the filter drips when you remove the carafe, the carafe will spill most of the time while serving, the power cord is too short which means that spilling water while trying to fill the narrow opening of the water tank will make it hazardous.
3023	B005L3NIRS	R2MMBG2B0PVR8V	Melitta 46894 10-Cup Thermal Coffeemaker	Works Great	I had been using a pour thru thermal style carafe for many years, but wanted to find a good thermal coffee maker so my coffee would be ready when I got up in the morning. I read lots and lots of reviews of the different brands and settled on this one.  For the most part, I love it....The Good:  **I love the program feature--coffee is all made when I wake up.  **I also love the "brew strength" setting.  I like very strong coffee, so this is a great feature.  **The carafe keeps the coffee warm for hours (but if you like is scalding hot, it never reaches that temp, even at the start).  **I have not had any overflow problems that a lot of the other brands seem to have.  Easy to use, right from the start.Could Be Better:  The only real drawback I can see to this pot is the temperature. I don't mind my coffee not being scalding hot, but since I had been making my coffee with boiling water, I was used to it a little warmer.  If you like your coffee extra hot, you won't get it that way with this pot.  I does come out at a nice drinking temperature right away though, and like I said earlier, the carafe keeps it warm (not hot) for hours.Overall, I am very satisfied, and would recommend this product to others.
3024	B003KYSLMC	RO1LCKQJ3XH4B	Cuisinart CHW-12 Coffee Plus 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker with Hot Water System, Black/Stainless	Defective	Had maker for approx 1 month and auto shut down started acting up.  Have it's set for 4 hour time and started shutting off immediately after done brewing. What's the point of having a timer if it shuts off directly after brewing.
3025	B005L3NIRS	R1SXBHORELGQ0B	Melitta 46894 10-Cup Thermal Coffeemaker	A nice coffee machine	Makes good coffee.  That's all that counts.  THe fact that the water reservoir and the coffee grounds/filter are separate compartments ensures no cross contamination - which is one reason I picked this unit in the first place.
3026	B000Z4RKYU	R3920AS0WH0DO3	Hamilton Beach 48274 Brew Station 6-Cup Coffeemaker, Black	disappointed	I like the idea, but have found that the coffee is not hot enough if you use creamer. The heating source is loud if you try to keep the unit on after it has finished brewing. Not happy with this item at all.
3027	B003KYSLMC	R29P7SVNB7PYBN	Cuisinart CHW-12 Coffee Plus 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker with Hot Water System, Black/Stainless	Awsome	Well when the product finally showed up after XMAS. Thanks Amazon.The product was a gift. But I set it up. The water heated very fast, it holds a large capacity of storage water, its filtered. What more could you asked for... Oh I know cheaper filters. $30 for 4 really?
3028	B001G8Y2X6	R3QZ755IFFLCSW	Cuisinart DGB-625BC Grind-and-Brew 12-Cup Automatic Coffeemaker, Brushed Metal	I Love Cuisinart But Don't Buy the Cusinart Grind-and-Brew	We're Cuisinart fans (still are) and bought this because we figured if it's Cusinart, it's gotta be good.  Big mistake.  I just walked over and threw away this awful product and I wouldn't give this to my worst enemy.  Don't be a sucker and buy this contraption.  The idea is alluring - just put in the whole beans, add water, press a button and voila.  Think about the typical coffee maker where you have a separate grinder and you put the ground coffee in the basket, add water and you're done.  How often have you had to "wash" your grinder? Less than one time I'm guessing?  Maybe wipe it with a paper towel from time to time?  With this P.O.S. the grinder is coated with moist grounds so you have take apart the two-part contraption and wash it and there are plenty of nooks and crannies to clean...you have to do this each time you use the machine.About a third of the time that you use the machine, you'll have a flood.There's a design flaw when you pour in the water, some it flies out the back of one of the vent holes and onto the floor so you have to tilt the machine forward with one hand while adding water with the other.Regardless of the bean/water ratio, the coffee is weak.Thermal carafes are fine but the coffee has to be hot from the get-go.  Brewed coffee with the Grind-and-Brew is lukewarm and this is a problem because there's no warmer - it's a thermal carafe so my first cup is not quite hot enough and I have to nuke it.Taking into consideration clean-up, it takes far less time to use a much less expensive standard coffee maker with a separate grinder and you'll get a dramatically superior cup of coffee with far less hassle.THIS IS AN AWFUL PRODUCT - DON'T BUY IT.
3029	B000Z4RKYU	REGN3DHKZYO93	Hamilton Beach 48274 Brew Station 6-Cup Coffeemaker, Black	Wish I had read other reviews	The coffee maker was bowed out on one side, allowing excape of some steam.  It only produced 16 oz. of lukewarm coffee which tasted horrible!
3030	B0000X7CMQ	R27AOGNFT8Z537	Zojirushi EC-BD15BA Fresh Brew Thermal Carafe Coffee Maker	Zojirushi EC-BD15- Nice coffee maker	Pros: Have enjoyed this coffee maker from the first day. We looked at many different Carafe models but could not find one as nice as this. Coffee stays fresh and hot in the Carafe. No hot plate needed with carafe style maker to keep the coffee warm.Cons: Carafe lid top could be made better as it is sometimes hard to grip to open.
