1100	B002Y26UY2	R3VMXJJIXV3U9N	Method Smarty Dish Dishwashing Detergent Go Naked, 20-count Pouch (Pack of 6)	I think it depends on the water you have	I am a NY/FL snowbird and I've used this product in both places. It works superbly in NY with our softer water which has fewer minerals. In FL our water is very hard and even with a water softener, I get that white film that everybody is talking about.  I do most dishes by hand there so I don't have to resort to the chemical laden dishwasher detergents.
1101	B004N4MSPO	RTBG3JZ424NQK	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, Silver	Do Not Buy SD-2201	Poorly designed dish rack and spray arm interfere with each other; spray arm gets stuck on rack, or contents fall through rack and jam spray arm.  Typically takes 2-3 cycles to get clean.  The only dish washer I've used where it'd be faster to wash by hand.Controls behave inscrutably.  Despite following instructions pertaining to putting in "one more item" mid-cycle, 50% of the time, closing door, machine starts without notice and drains half of its water, then proceeds with the rest of the cycle without enough water to complete it (it just sits there grinding its motor).Problem not specific to a unit as I tried two units (the first arrived with a broken spray arm).  It's sad because the unit is otherwise well built.Machine limited to plates 9" diameter and smaller.Do Not Buy the SD-2201.  If SPT can fix the rack design and the oddly-behaving controls, I'd buy another of their products, but they really have to fix that dish rack/spray arm design and the bizarre-behaving controls.Followup:  I spoke with their US customer service department ([...]), and they had GREAT customer service for a later problem.  Again, I'd buy another of their products when their engineers in Asia can get some of the functionality issues resolved.
1102	B007HDDMNK	R328YDGP5V1UI8	Danby DDW1899WP 8 Place Setting Portable Dishwasher - White	Danby DW gets 3 stars instead of 5 for very poorly written manual, missing pages...	I've taken the time to write this rather long review because the instruction manual that comes with this dishwasher is horrible, as you'll read in most reviews. I spent an inordinate amount of time researching specific answers about this DW because so many things were not included in the manual that should have been. And the illustrations are just that, not photos, but hand drawn pictures that look as if they were drawn much larger (by a first year design student) then reduced to fit inside the manual, making it difficult to associate part numbers in the DW. The bad manual cost the DW a star. I hope my review saves everyone a lot of time from doing the research I had to do to understand what certain components are used for, how and why.For months, I did a great deal of research on a portable dishwasher. I live in a small apartment. the danby kept rising to the top of the reviews. I found it on Amazon in December 2012 on sale for $339, free shipping, but I'm a prime member (well worth it if you buy a lot of stuff from Amazon). Walmart had it at the same price but $80 shipping or you had the option to pick it up at their store. Naturally, I went with Amazon. It arrived completely put together, including attached casters... and tightly packed. As a petite woman, it was a struggle to get out of the box but was happy that there were no dents or scratches due to great packing. However, the instructions that come with it are useless. Hard to imagine such a well built product comes with such mickey mouse instructions. That's my biggest complaint and one reason it didn't get 5 stars. I'm a contractors daughter, spent my entire life helping my father build or remodel homes, read blue prints, and have always put together all my own electronics and furniture. Never have I seen such a bad instruction booklet. And if it was this hard for me, I knew it would be difficult for manual-challenged buyers.First, it's missing some of the steps altogether, even pages. although most of operation is intuitive, there are some need-to-know things for first time users such as how to hook it up to your faucet. It looks simple enough but nonetheless, still had to search the web and YouTube for exact instructions. Although I've done it right several times, the faucet attachment still squirts out a tiny stream of water when  turned on to supply water to the DW. I have to place a towel over the faucet arm during use to prevent the spray from going all over the kitchen. It works, the towel is soaking wet by the end of the cycle but the kitchen is dry. One cause may be that my faucet nozzle (at the end of the faucet) may not be long enough for the supplied attachment (which screws onto the end of the faucet), which means a trip to home depot to find a longer nozzle in hopes that will resolve the issue.the next issue is that the DW comes with a white plastic funnel. There are no instructions in the manual at all about what this is for. There is a paragraph about a 'red salt aid light' coming on when the DW is out of salt. I've always lived in places that have had built in dishwashers so this was new to me. What the hell is salt aid? Again, I scoured (pun intended) the web looking for answers, which took days. There wasn't much info out there. I finally called Danby in Canada (BTW - out of country roaming minutes) and they apologized for the bad instructions, and sent me a link to their 'online' instructions, which I printed out. In that, there was an entire page on how and where to add salt to the DW. This page is missing from the instructions that come with the DW. Then they tell you to call your local city water department to find out if you have hard water... but I went online to find out. Danby says if you live in an area that has hard water you need to add salt. That's what the funnel is for. You place it over a hole in the bottom of the DW and add the salt to help keep lime and spots off your dishes. Ends up I live in an area with hard water.Finding salt was a huge challenge. Went to Walmart, Target and my local grocery store... no one had it or heard of it. I did a couple of loads without it and the glass items were a little spotty but livable. But the 'red salt light' did stay on, which according the manual means you're supposed to add salt. After more research online, I found on Amazon a 2 pound bag of salt made by whirlpool (says made for dishwashers) under $8, all others were about $25. Also, other reviews said it was important to use rock salt or salt made specifically for dishwashers, not easy to find, and do not use table salt.Instructions for adding the salt varied as well. In the danby online instructions, it said to fill the salt container 2/3 full of water first but it doesn't tell you how big the salt container is so how does one determine what 2/3 is? The container is underneath the dishwasher and enclosed so it's not visible other than the opening (inside the DW) where you pour the salt in. So you have to estimate. It then says to add the salt after you put the water in but not clear as to how much. One woman's review online said to add 4 pounds first then fill the rest up with water after. So it seems to vary. I don't think anyone really knows. The CS person at Danby didn't even know.  This whole salt aid mess cost Danby another star because it cost me so much time to find answers and find the right salt, and still uncertainty about how much.To stay on the safe side, I added 3 cups of water first then only a 2 pound bag of salt. That put everything near the top of the entrance, which I could see once filled. but there was some room left to add more. I didn't though as I wanted to see if there would be any difference in the glassware spotting. there wasn't any difference from when there was no salt, and the red light still remains on. I still haven't figured out how to get the red 'add salt' light to go out. Add more salt? Add more water? Do more cycles? Add more rinse agent? Still working on that. Without proper instruction in this area, it's a risk and danby won't take responsibility if you screw it up.Good things about it. It's very easy to move around on its casters. It's heavy but I'm tiny so it takes a little work for me but for average size people it should be easy to move around. It is super quiet when running which was a big and nice surprise. Beware though, a normal cycle from beginning to end takes 2-3 hours. Even a light cycle takes 2 hours. In fact, the first time you run the DW, it runs so long it leaves you wondering if it's stuck on a cycle. But I let it run to see what would happen and it finally moves on to the next cycle. So if you need your kitchen sink keep that in mind. I've been told it cannot be used on bathroom sinks. Using the DW overnight is not advised as they do instruct you to turn off the water when the final cycle is done. There are various lights on the front of the machine that go on and off for the different cycles so you can tell where it's at and when it's reached the end. I've done 3 loads so far, usually after dinner so it's done before I go to bed and can shut the water off.Please note, that there is also a light that stays on during the drying cycle. The DW sounds like it's off so you may feel like you should disconnect the hoses or turn the power off. It has to go through the drying cycle before complete. it does make a humming sound off and on during the drying cycle but they're far and few between, leaving you to think the DW is done. Wait for the drying light to go out. I also disconnect the hoses from the faucet when done and leave then in the sink to dry out overnight. Water does accumulate in the hoses so shake them out in your sink before storing or you'll end up with water all over your floor.It is small inside, good for one or two people, depending on how many dishes you use. I use mine once a week as I don't cook much but if you cook every night, you may have to use it every day or at least every other day. It doesn't have as many dish spacers on the bottom rack as I personally would like, a lot of flat space, I suppose for pans, but doable.I can't say how much more your water or electric bill will be. My water is included in my rent, and I haven't seen a hike in my electric bill yet. But again, increases will depend on how often you use it.The top of it is sort of gritty feeling, not smooth like the sides and front. The top appears scratch proof so I place decorative items on top of it when not in use but I wouldn't use it as a cutting board.It gets 3 stars not because it doesn't do a good job but because of the poor instruction manual and all the work and time it takes to find answers about the whole salt aid issue. If the manual had been properly written, not missing pages, bad images, and/or things explained clearly, it would have been a slam dunk, other than having to find/buy the rock salt (which is hard to find). It appears Danby is a Canadian company, (back side of manual is in french) so perhaps the instructions are written for people there where rock salt in DW is common, but not here in the states.Had the manual been well written, I would have given it 5 stars for its performance so far, nice appearance, packed well. Once you get the salt issue resolved, It's pretty darn good for a small apartment, for one or two people.
1103	B005NK3JYQ	R2B0ADXE0SAJ29	Koldfront 6 Place Setting Portable Countertop Dishwasher - Black	no more dirty dishes	it is a good little dishwasher.my girlfreind loves it!now all my freinds want to buy it from me,and i told them no way.just go to amazon.com and get one of your owen.
1104	B004MX8XO6	RF5NFJFDODG7F	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, White	Trust the Reviews!	I gotta say I was pretty skeptical when I started researching this countertop dishwasher.  However, after reading the reviews on it, I decided to give it a try.  So glad I did!  Very easy to set up, was out of the box, and set up in less than 20 minutes.  Holds a surprisingly large amount of dishes, glasses, flatware etc. Washes just as well if not better than any dishwasher I've used. Runs very quietly.  I'm using Cascade Complete packs, fully dissolves with no issues on the "normal" setting.  I will agree that 80 minutes on the "normal" setting seems a little long I don't think it's excessive though. Overall, I'm very pleased with the purchase. Will update this review as time goes on.
1105	B004MX8XO6	R1KMK723BEM86H	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, White	I love it.	This is a great little dishwasher.  My only negatives are: (1) the chime at the end of the cycle is too faint to hear if you are not right there.  I put a sticky note on the front with the time done on it, so I can shut off the power, unhook, and open the door (2) the rack  has a couple of fairly large openings on the bottom that will allow small items to fall through (think jar lids).  Neither negative really diminishes my love of this machine.  I solved the rack problem by putting another small rack I already had over it.  I took out the cup holder racks and that allows for taller glasses to be put there.  I also took off the silverware basket covers.  If you're wavering on whether or not to get this - do IT!  Wish I had gotten it sooner. I had no hook-up issues, it went flawlessly and continues to do so;  my dinner plates do need to be leaned; and I've only had one dried on cappuccino mug fail to come clean, and I don't stack the dishes according to published guidelines :)  There are 2 of us in this household, both retired.
1106	B005NK4YOU	RPH4SK4G7ME3W	Koldfront Portable Countertop Dishwasher - White / 6 Place Setting	love this dishwasher	I am impressed with this machine. It cleans the dishes very well, is quiet, holds plenty of dishes, and is simple to hook up. The only cons are that it takes up a lot of counter space. Also, since the dishwasher hooks up to the faucet, your faucet cannot be used while the dishwasher is running. This machine only hooks up to standard sized faucets, but an adapter can be purchased at Home Depot (they have all sizes of faucet adapters). Even with the cons, this machine was the best money I have spent in a long time.
1107	B007HDDMNK	R3DLFNZA9WWUKX	Danby DDW1899WP 8 Place Setting Portable Dishwasher - White	7 years, still going strong	This is a review for the Danby DW1805.  It looks exactly like the current model here, with the same features, exterior and interior.  Here is my review from several years ago.  I am now on year 7 with this model:------------------------------------------------------------------------------Danby DW1805I used to sell dishwashers at Sears. I've owned several built in full sized dishwashers, even a stainless steel Bosch. This is the first one I am 'giddy' over.I recently downsized to move to Manhattan, which meant getting a small kitchen with no dishwasher. After months of sink washing, I broke down and bought this (Actually, a house guest felt sorry for me, and got it for me after I mentioned I was about to buy it). But not without reading all the specs and reviews. I bought it from eTronics (I've bought from them before) and was pleased with the customer service (so far). They had the best price (no delivery charge, as they have a local store too).After unpacking and inspection, I concluded that it was built with the same specs as the top of the line Kenmore (which I used to sell). It has a form fitting stainless steel interior, mechanical controls (which, IMO, are better than electronic on a machine that gets wet alot), well fitting seals, and stable casters. The interior is FULL size depth and height, just 6 inches narrower in width (Another brand, which I viewed on the spot, was NOT nearly as deep, and had rickety trays). The upper tray has two height settings, but I found the lower setting is not suitable for standard size dishes to fit below. The trays fit well, perhaps a bit too snug, but we'll see if they loosen up with use. The tines are spaced a bit close together for my taste, but after a washing, it appears the 1805 can handle dishes so close together. There is a lower spray arm, middle spray arm and top sprayer (non-spinning). The food filters and heating element in the base are sturdy and well made. Complaint: The hose hook-up are 6 feet long (apparently that is measured from inside the back where they connect to the machine, as they seemed too short and the 1805 must be right up against the sink counter to hook-up.I've never had a portable before, and (with the exception of my dear grandmother) always looked down on them. This one looks solid and has clean lines in any kitchen. On the rear panel, however, you will see a few (covered) rivets and seams, along with the black-plastic lined hose receptable, and serial tags. Unless you store it against a wall, you will see these protrusions. It should fit in with all your other appliances without standing out.The standard load time took about 45 minutes to run. The machine attaches easily to your faucet, though you do have to replace your areator with an adapter that produces a narrower stream of water from the faucet when the DW is not in use. I've only used the "economy" cycle, which worked great, but there are also Pots and Pans, Delicate, and Rinse only cycles. Additionally, the Delicate cycle can have a no heat option, and the Pots and Pans can have an extra boost option. It heats the water steaming hot.Very Quiet. Though not as quiet as the Bosch I owned (which I think is quieter than a Meile), it was as quiet as my Kitchen Aid. It was definitely quieter than all the plastic tub models out there.I have experienced NO leaks. This even was operated on a non-level floor. My building is 110 years old and the floors are VERY slanted and swelled. This was my biggest concern. After each cycle, I took my flashlight and looked underneath for any signs of water....none. (My neighbors below would not appreciate an un-requested shower).I am a penny-pincher, and stressed over the purchase. Not because of the price, but because of the value for the price. I couldn't believe that such an inexpensive dishwasher could deliver like this one has.I can seriously say that this dishwasher outperforms dishwashers at twice its price. It carries an in-home 1 year warranty, but I always like stores like Sears where if you complain enough they take it back without any questions. So this was a bit of a leap, as Danby relies on authorized service centers (of which I hope I will never use).(*UPDATED DEC 2009)I bought this almost 5 years ago (wow! time flies), and I can say that it is still working great. One wheel keeps falling off, but duck tape took care of that! (Of course). Everything else on it is working fine; fittings, timer, exterior finish, interior lining. no leaks, etc. I use it about 2x per week with Cascade lemon. Always a very full load, and often dishes that have been sitting around a couple days. I hope it lasts me another 5 years.
1108	B005NK21MM	R27M2VK5THJI7Y	EdgeStar 6 Place Setting Countertop Portable Dishwasher - Silver	Great dish washer	I have used this dish washer several times since purchasing it. The results have been excellent . I live by myself, so I do not have many dishes at a time. I bought the washer after my full size one broke down. This washer gets my dishes very clean, it is also quieter than my old washer. It uses very little water, and so far it has cleaned everything I have put in it. Excellent appliance.
1109	B0052FXC9Y	RHDD1XWWZ17PQ	Danby DDW611WLED Countertop Dishwasher - White	E4 broken water level switch on arrival	i bought this but it didn't work on arrival and kept getting over filled (and i had to tilt it on its side to get all the water out). got an E4 which means the water level switch was broken so the water intake didn't know to stop. had to return.
1110	B004MX8XO6	R8LOYQHVSJW5B	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, White	So glad I bought this!	I only deducted one star because my bigger plates don't seem to fit in the dishwasher. I suppose if I put them in at an angle they would fit, but probably only one or two. As far as I know they're just standard sized plates. This doesn't really bother me that much because the thing I really hate washing is silverware. You can fit a ton of silverware in this dishwasher as well as four glasses, two bowls, a couple of small plates - or some glasses, silverware, a pot and a pan.. I live alone and this is just fine for me. The dishes always come out completely clean and it runs pretty quietly. Can't beat the price, either. In the box it seems really heavy and awkward but once I opened it up I was able to lift it onto the counter by myself without a problem (and I'm a 100lb girl, so I'm guessing anyone can probably do it). Great for renters like myself.
1111	B007HDDMNK	R26H0Q8AGGB3U4	Danby DDW1899WP 8 Place Setting Portable Dishwasher - White	Brief and real.	This starts out as almost a carbon copy of another one-star review, I even commented under their review before being motivated to quip my own experience.  Received with a dented door and broken wheel, not the fault of the shipper.  It also had water in the basin and internal packaging was damp, leading me to believe this was a defective return Danby repackaged after they intended but forgot to refurb and pass off as new.  I know it would be too much of a coincidence that this unit belonged to the previous reviewer... but it makes me wonder?!?  Fortunately I still had 90% of the original packaging and contacted Amazon within 24 hours of delivery, so I speculate the return and credit will go off without a hitch.  Very frustrating, I thought I had washed my last dish.
1112	B004MX8XO6	R1FDNB3PGLYU1U	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, White	Works Great!	The first dishwasher that came was banged up and damaged even though the box had no signs of impact. It was easy enough to return it through Amazon and the new one came within a week. Works like a charm! Very quiet and it cleans well, even dishes left sitting for a few days.
1113	B006YGD4MA	R2JE8W829J55D1	SPT 18-Inch Portable Dishwasher, Stainless Steel	it washes dishes	Solid steel tub construction. Stainless steel outside.  rolls around easy.  Solid counter top.  Buy this one, you will not be disappointedOnly complaint is that my dishes really piled up before it arrived, but that reflects on me.
1114	B004MX8XO6	R1MKFMG8HOSF7S	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, White	Great Value - Great Product	Don't be surprised at the reviews that say this little dishwasher performs as well as a full-sized one, it's absolutely true. I have had both built-in dishwashers and full sized portables on wheels and none of them cleaned dishes any better than this countertop model does.I have wanted to buy a new portable dishwasher on wheels for some time, since I am disabled and I cannot stand at the sink and it's too messy trying to wash dishes while sitting on a stool.  But the larger ones cost between $150 - $200 more than this one and most stores would only deliver to the curb. After reading the reviews, I decided this countertop diswasher might be my best bet if I ever wanted to find someone who could bring it in the house for me and set it up.The first few times I used it, I had a leak underneath but soon discovered that one of the hoses wasn't properly hooked up (my fault) and after straightening that out and tightening the connection, I had no more leaks.  But the truth is, I like this dishwasher so well, I would have put up with a puddle on the counter every day rather than send it back! It's that nice. If you experience any puddles or leaks, double check all the connections.I have been running it with only cold water, and if you don't mind that the pre-wash is cold water, then no problems. The unit heats the water for the washing cycle and it's plenty hot. My only question is whether or not it uses more energy to heat the cold water than it would if it were hot water to start with. The heater in the dishwasher will turn on regardless, I believe. The manual does not make this clear. It does state to turn on the hot water when testing the connections, so it may be that it is meant to be used with the hot tap turned on.We are a family of four, but most of the dishes are used at supper time and so far I have only had to run it once a day in order to accomodate all the dirty dishes. I am considering buying some Corelle dishes because they are thinner and I think would fit better than my thick, unwieldy plates.  There is only one spray arm on the bottom, but I have had that problem with the cheaper model dishwashers that landlords usually put into apartments.  At least with this unit there is only one level of dishes so the one spray arm is sufficient to clean them all if they are loaded well.This unit is the quietest dishwasher I have ever had.  The only noise you hear is when the water is pumped out into your sink.It does take up a lot of room.  Measure your space, especially the distance from the counter to the bottom of the cabinets. I had to rearrange some other countertop appliances, but in the end, the space is worth it because you don't need the space that used to be taken up by the dish strainer!If you have a small family or are on your own, this model is definitely worth the money and will save you oodles of time washing dishes by hand. And who wants to waste those hours washing dishes - there are so many more fun things to do!
1115	B00702RTZU	RXB0DOJ9PL5Y7	Amana Tall Tub Dishwasher, ADB1400PYS, Stainless	Installation problem	The product had everything in the box to install it except the fitting to hook up the water supply.I have installed three diswashers in the 16 years that I have owned the house I live in,and, every dishwasher had all the parts to install it,except this one.To get the fitting I needed I had to drive 50 miles round trip to find a $6.00 part,I think this is riduculous
1116	B004MX8XO6	R1U92Q3HEZUQFK	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, White	Sweet little machine	I love this little thing. The only issues I have with it are that it takes a long time to run a wash cycle and it can be noisy.
1117	B004MX8XO6	RP1OAEE18VN5J	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, White	Great Lil' Washer	Okay... I took extensive time reading all the reviews and doing research on this product before purchasing a portable countertop dishwasher.  I have to admit... this product does a great job.Now, you have to remember that you are not getting a full sized dishwasher...and the fact that it suggestes that you use 10" plates or smaller for the dishwasher to be loaded properly really isn't a problem at all.  I use the normal 10.5" plates and just tilt them (as they would be in a full-sized one anyways...)Basically, if you have the right temperature water (nice and hot...around 130 degrees fahrenheit and above...) and decent dishwashing detergent (Cascade or Finish) you will have no problem having properly cleaned dishes and flatware.  It does have a built-in water heater, but it only boosts the temp up to the proper operating temp.  You can not use cold water and expect it to heat it up to wash temps.  (I'm sure you would burn out your motor if that were the case.)In any case, here's a recommendaion from someone who rarely takes the time to write a review!  You'll love this machine!
1119	B004MX8XO6	R240ELITUG28KP	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, White	Awesome Dishwasher!!	I love this dishwasher. I live in a tiny condo and I have been washing my dishes by hand for 12 years. I was sick of it. A friend told me about these and I bought one. The best thing I have ever done. It does a great job, and I don't have a sink full of dishes anymore. Highly recommended for small spaces and dish wash weary people!
1120	B0033Y0VZ4	R2EBISNPNP2YL5	Danby DDW1899BLS 18-Inch Built-In Dishwasher - Stainless Steel	I love me this dishwasher.	I just bought this dishwasher thru Amazon.  Delivery was prompt and careful.  I did not have it installed for a week or so because the carpenter had to cut out all the drawers, etc., in order to fit it in.  So, I have used it only three times, but I am soooo happy with it.  I live alone, it's the perfect size, and unless I am going deaf at my age, I don't think it is noisy.  I would highly recommend it.  Just think, no more dishes to wash by hand.
1121	B002Y26UY2	R1F4WZ84UWHB9O	Method Smarty Dish Dishwashing Detergent Go Naked, 20-count Pouch (Pack of 6)	Works great!	I am glad I found something that does not have tons of chemicals that actually works to clean my dishes. I like this product and if I have the opportunity I might buy it again.
1122	B0052FXC9Y	R2DFAINQJIAFUR	Danby DDW611WLED Countertop Dishwasher - White	Useful, but weird.	Okay, here's the thing. It's a dishwasher and it's portable -which is cool, except that it's kinda awkward. See, it's small so as to be put on a countertop, but it's still too big to actually fit under cabinets. It's small so it can be moved easily, but that means I get like, 10 dishes going at a time. Also, It takes a REALLY LONG TIME! Regular cycle is an HOUR AND A HALF.But, it does get stuff clean and keeps me away from the sink, so there's that.
1123	B007HDDMNK	RPAKM5CWREQHI	Danby DDW1899WP 8 Place Setting Portable Dishwasher - White	Dishwasher	Bought one for my Sister for Christmas, was so impressed, ordered one for me too! We both have small houses and cannot afford the $$ to install dishwashers. This is tops!!
1124	B00702RTZU	R3TZ0LHU1AIIC9	Amana Tall Tub Dishwasher, ADB1400PYS, Stainless	I like it for the price	Does the job well - dishes a clean. Good value for the price. If it ran at 49 instead of 59 decibels it would be 5 stars
1125	B004N4MSPO	RBIV00NSBP3C8	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, Silver	AWESOME!	This product has been great! Quiet, and gets the job done! Cooked Thanksgiving dinner for 6 people and all of our dishes fit in one load(minus pots and pans). It's been an incredible buy.
1126	B00702RU5E	RSQ4AM4VZIEK6	Amana Tall Tub Dishwasher, ADB1400PYW, White	Great dishwasher for the money	this dishwasher is highly rated by Consumer reports and as good as those priced much higher. IT is quiet and cleans well. I love the utensil racks and the ability to put in high pots . It was a bargain.
1127	B006YGD4MA	R1GUBCANA277FX	SPT 18-Inch Portable Dishwasher, Stainless Steel	great buy	I bought this for disabled friends.  they love it. it is quiet and gets the dishes really clean. no problems setting up at all
1128	B004KU7P4K	RHJR51EIHLL2P	2pack of Lunatec� SCRUBR Odor Free Dishcloths. The perfect scrubber, dish cloth and scouring pad for cleaning your dishes, pots and pans, and kitchen gear while Camping, Backpacking, RVing and at Home.	Mmm, do you really need it?	We were on a 2 month camping cycletouring trip and we used it but, for 7 dlls + 4 dlls shipping I think we could have come to another solution half the price.If you consider that having enough water is not your problem as ours was, you can take this, because you would need like 250ml at least to clean it well.
1129	B004KU7P4K	R39LBX9XTKASSX	2pack of Lunatec� SCRUBR Odor Free Dishcloths. The perfect scrubber, dish cloth and scouring pad for cleaning your dishes, pots and pans, and kitchen gear while Camping, Backpacking, RVing and at Home.	Good, better, BEST!	These little yellow scrubbies work beautifully, day in and day out in our full-time RV lifestyle.  They rinse clean and dry almost instantly.  Rough enough to remove the crud but gentle on my shiny stainless cookware.I have used my original pair of these puppies every day for well over a year-  they are now pilled and snagged, but still work fine and have NEVER needed to be washed or bleached.I am replacing them only for aesthetic reasons.  I would have gone through 6 or more packs of scrub-sponges in this amount of time, so its a substantial savings of money as well!Honestly, how often does a product, even one as humble as this, live up to its sales copy?
1130	B004N4MSPO	RGOLDX4E1BCL8	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, Silver	Impressed with this dishwasher	I ordered this dishwasher based on other reviews. I was a little worried that a small dishwasher with one arm wouldn't do that great of a job. Having owned a chinese washing machine that attached to the sink, I was also worried about water leaks.As it turns out, neither of those were issues. This dishwasher did a great job cleaning up week old dishes that had been sitting in my sink, and the combined faucet/drain (pictures on the supentown web site) means that you don't have to worry about water going everywhere as long as it's been installed properly. The faucet adapter also has an aerator, so you don't have to take it off to make the water come out evenly when you aren't using the dishwasher.If I had any quibble, it would be that it uses more space than I'd like, but I can't imagine them making it any smaller and still fitting full sized plates. It's easy to detach from the sink, so I can probably stow it away when it's not in use.
1131	B002Y26UY2	R2ATGYKC9TBR9S	Method Smarty Dish Dishwashing Detergent Go Naked, 20-count Pouch (Pack of 6)	Plagued by white film too	I agree with the other complains about the white film. See pictures I added to the customer gallery of my ruined dishes.
1132	B005NK21MM	R3OTV76AS8KZZC	EdgeStar 6 Place Setting Countertop Portable Dishwasher - Silver	Perfect for a single apartment	I had no washer in the house and my kitchen is small.  So creatively, I put the dishwasher in the other room & let the hoses connect to the faucet right around the door.  The machine does the trick...or as well any regular dishwasher if you put it on a full cycle.
1133	B0033Y0VZ4	R15ZFLHYVY8SVE	Danby DDW1899BLS 18-Inch Built-In Dishwasher - Stainless Steel	Much smaller than old 18" dishwasher	First unit was defective and had to be returned. Instruction manual is poorly organized and has out of date information. Was an easy install. Dishwasher is quiet and does seem to clean better than the 14 year old unit that it replaced. MUCH less space inside for dishes than old unit. This is not as tall, had to run the adjustment screws out almost all the way. It is also not as deep as the old one, probably 6" of wasted space behind the unit. Regular sized dinner plates catch on the upper spray arm unless you move the top rack up and lose washing space there.Cycles are incredibly long, 2 1/2 hours for a light wash. Doesn't have any way to dry the dishes, they come out wet. Has an on and off switch, so unless you want to waste electricity, after the cycle is finally over, you have to go turn it off. There is a reason that this dishwasher is $400 cheaper than the next one.
1134	B004N4MSPO	R2MDCJ16G8UFUS	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, Silver	Flooded inside the wrapping due to the QC from company.	Ordered this product two days ago and arrived this morning. There are some dents on outside box.After unbox I found there are certain amount of water between the wrapping and the machine(exterior and interior).However, I found out that is because of 100% tested for quality from the company.I noticed there is one of the hanger of the 3 in 1 tablet holder was broken when I open the door of machine.
1135	B005NK21MM	R3GOBN2YBP7YYD	EdgeStar 6 Place Setting Countertop Portable Dishwasher - Silver	Customer service so far is crap	So we just got it, and the spray arm doesn't go all the way around, even when there is nothing in the dishwasher to block it. Okay, fine. Crap happens. I've called and waited 30 minutes just to be told I have to leave a message and someone will call me within 24 hours. I called during my lunch break and I'm a receptionist who can't take calls while at work. So then I went to edgestar.com to get a chat representative. But they told me that I'd have to send it in to get it looked at. This is my misunderstanding, yes, but when a warranty reads "labor" I thought it meant that people will actually come over and fix the heavy things that pregnant ladies like myself can't lift. We literally had to wait about a week until someone could come over to get the things out of the box in the first place. Now you want us to send it back?!? Well, I think amazon needs to make this a little more clear, too. Anyway, so now my husband is in control of the situation, and we'll see if he can get them to tell us how to fix it (yet again, sending i back is not really an option at this point). I'll report back once I know how it's going.
1136	B002Y26UY2	R12HZMJ4XZZRC4	Method Smarty Dish Dishwashing Detergent Go Naked, 20-count Pouch (Pack of 6)	Love this stuff	This stuff works very, very well in my ten-plus year old dishwasher.  It worked horribly in my father's newer dishwasher.  Maybe it's not great for high efficiency?  But I love it, my dishes are almost always spotless with no soaking or anything beforehand, and I feel slightly better about myself for not screwing the environment.
1137	B007HDDMNK	R2FF5FL96HO5IW	Danby DDW1899WP 8 Place Setting Portable Dishwasher - White	Relieved!	What an amazing product.  Everything you read about useless owners manual is true, but there are helpful videos on YouTube.  I would recommend this dishwasher to anyone.
1138	B005NK3JYQ	RDWGH4KH4B47G	Koldfront 6 Place Setting Portable Countertop Dishwasher - Black	Excellent purchase...!!!	This unit arrived faster than predicted by the seller, intact and ready to take care of the pile of dishes accumulating in my kitchen...!!!  I've done a number of loads of dishes since its arrival and am very happy with the results...  Just like any dishwasher, it always helps to rinse the dishes first - but, especially on the heavy-duty cycle with both detergent cups full, it seems like even that isn't totally necessary.  Very, very happy with my purchase - definitely improved my quality of life!  Hahaha...The only slight complication is that I had to hit the hardware store to purchase an adapter for my sink - the threads on the quick-connect were not compatible with my current kitchen faucet.  The adapter, however, was only about $5 - piece of cake!
1140	B005NK21MM	RSUYOVYD81M1Z	EdgeStar 6 Place Setting Countertop Portable Dishwasher - Silver	Great item, but	I love this item, but the one down side is that yes it fits on a counter, but it doesn't fit under cabinets which is one thing i should of look for before buying it.
1141	B004N4MSPO	R2OMYKOD337HAV	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, Silver	blessing	My adult son had dishes packed to the ceiling due to working all the time and not being able to catch up with the demand.This dishwasher was a blessing, it does a wonderful job, it is quite and easy to work.  No thinking involved.  Just load and push the button and clean dishes.The dishwasher fits the counter perfectly and easily attaches to the faucet and easily detaches when not needed.
1142	B004N4MSPO	RCK8KJOU3DUD1	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, Silver	Great product	I have limited room in my kitchen and i had a limited budget when purchasing this dishwasher so because it is smaller and less expensive than a full size i decided to give it a try. It is small enough to fit on my counter but not under my over hanging cupboards but that doesn't bother me. The one rack in the dishwasher is about the size of the bottom rack if a full size dishwasher and i am able to fit allot of dishes in it at once and they come out very clean. The unit has one hose that you connect to your sink that fills the unit and drains. The first unit that arrived had a crack on the back but Amazon replaced it promptly do i am giving this dishwasher and Amazon 5 stars.
1143	B002Y26UY2	R1BSEU31KUSJMW	Method Smarty Dish Dishwashing Detergent Go Naked, 20-count Pouch (Pack of 6)	Fantastic, eco-friendly detergent-- NO residue!	I am a fan of every Method product I've used. This dishwashing detergent is no exception. Several reviewers indicated that the detergent left a residue or film on their dishes. I did not experience this at all. I've used the detergent every day for the past week and each time it has worked well. The capsules dissolve 100% and there is absolutely no residue left behind. The detergent works well and I'm happy using this eco-friendly and convenient option.
1144	B00702RU5E	R2ACH3HF5VUWGD	Amana Tall Tub Dishwasher, ADB1400PYW, White	Definitely worth considering in the ~$350 range	To help put my review in context, I was very fortunate and received this as part of the Vine program.  I have, however, been considering getting a new dishwasher for quite some time and have been looking at washers both online and in the stores.  My ~14-year-old Whirlpool dishwasher still cleaned well, but I thought that it was excessively loud and I wanted to get a quieter washer.  Overall, I've been happy with this Amana and recommend that you consider it if you're looking in this price range.  I've tried to detail out some areas for you below, and I've mentioned some tips at the bottom if you have this installed for you.* CLEANING ABILITY - 5 StarsVery good, IMO.  Okay, I'm not the ultimate tester for this, as I tend to rinse off my dishes before I put them in the washer based on old habits.  I haven't tried any baked-on lasagna :)  I certainly don't "clean" dishes before putting them in the washer, though, so hopefully my results will represent what you'd see - and the results are excellent.  I thought that my Whirlpool got dishes clean, but dishes come out of this washer looking even better.  They seem smoother and have a better shine.  I'm using the same detergent (Cascade Complete Pacs) as I've used for years.  I have been using a new rinse aid (Cascade that came with the unit versus Jet-Dry that I've used for years), but I honestly think that it's the washer doing a better job.  My Whirlpool only had a washer arm on the bottom, whereas this tall tub unit has washer arms underneath of both racks.  Plastic dishes, ceramic bowls, glasses, cups, and stainless steel utensils have all come out looking great.  I'm a fan of air drying, but I did use the heated dry once to try it out.  The heated option certainly dried the dishes (although coffee cups with recessed bottoms still had some water pooled in them), but my utensils get water marks where they are touching the utensil holder (just like in my old washer), so I choose to air dry and take them out a bit early.* COSMETICS - 3.5 to 4 StarsOf course, aesthetics is all personal choice, so I'll discuss the quality of the materials used on the door.  I think that Amana did a good job with this unit overall.  The upper plastic section on the front panel that houses the vent, handle, and controls has a good feel to it and seems well made.  The front metal door panel has a good paint coating and looks quite nice.The one minor downside to me is the lower plastic panel that closes the gap between the door and the floor.  It's just a thin piece of plastic that is kind of flimsy and doesn't give a really polished look to the installation.* NOISE - 3 Stars overall, 4-5 Stars at this priceWhether you'll be happy or not with this comes down to your expectations.  Also, how much noise it makes will depend on your surrounding cabinets and home acoustics.  If you want whisper quiet, you'll need to look elsewhere and spend more.  If you want relatively quiet, this is definitely worth considering.This Amana is quieter than my old one, so I'm pleased.  It's only about 4 dB quieter, but it doesn't makes the same rattling noises, so it's a lot more enjoyable to be in the house while it's running as compared to the old one.  It measures around 66 dB at a distance of about three feet away in my kitchen.  That's not exceptionally quiet, but for the price, that's not bad at all.  The closer that you get to silent in dishwashers, the more they cost because of the added expense of the sound insulation.  I've looked at the Bosch units with ratings around 40 dB, but those cost significantly more.  I do think that Amana could have insulated the lower plastic piece underneath of the door better for little extra cost, though, and helped with sound from the motor and water flowing through the hoses.Also, mine has a constant high pitched whine that comes from the electronic control panel.  I only notice it if my head is about a foot away, but I wanted to mention it in case you are sensitive to those noises.  I decided to connect mine to an outlet under my sink controlled by a wall switch (like a disposal is), so I can shut it off and get rid of that noise when I'm not using it.* BUILD QUALITY - 4 StarsOverall, it seems good to me.  The internal washer area is sturdy, and the racks are just as good if not better than those on my Whirlpool.  The front panel materials are also good.  The top of the metal door where it mates with the upper plastic section is a bit loose on mine (only noticeable when I push on it, but I mention it because it might add to noise), and the lower plastic panel near the floor is a bit flimsy, but those are the only two things that I can think to point out.  In the ~$300 range, I think that this is a good unit.  Only time will tell if moving parts and water connections hold up, but I've inspected under the unit a number of times as I was adjusting the back feet, and nothing looks or feels sub-par to me.* SUMMARY - 4 StarsThings that I like:- Tall tub, allowing larger items and/or easier access for regular items.  For example, wine glasses that always had to be at an angle in my Whirlpool (and consequently often fell over during washing) fit on the top rack of this Amana just great.- Washer arms underneath both racks, so there's no cylinder taking up room in the center of the racks for water to flow through allowing you to fit in more items- Nice, clean look on the outside- Utensil holders can be placed on the sides or front of the lower rack- Overall good build quality and noise rating for this priceThings to consider:- Lower plastic front panel doesn't give a really polished look, but you might not really ever notice it because it's near the floor- Not whisper quiet (again, it's good for the price, but it's not exceptionally quiet in general)* INSTALLATION HINTSThe installation instructions that come with the machine are good.  Follow those, and you should be set.  Mine was delivered and installed for me, and based on some issues that I had after the installers left, I have some hints for preparation and things to make sure that the installers do before they leave.- Have some towels ready if you have a dishwasher already installed, because there will be water that leaks out when the hoses are disconnected and when the dishwasher is pulled out and moved.  The guys that delivered mine were very nice, but they weren't used to removing dishwashers and didn't have any towels.  If I would have had towels ready, that would have been prevented a mess.- Make sure that the installers fit the insulation blanket on properly and keep it in place when they push the dishwasher into place.  As a tip for them or you, you can use some tape to secure the front edge of the insulation in place - that worked great for me when I repositioned it.- Inspect the location of the washer before the installers screw in the two tabs above the door.  As I was writing this review and noting a cosmetic gap on each side, I noticed that the gaps were there because my installers had pushed the unit about 0.5-0.75" too far in.  Because of that, the sides of the unit were recessed compared to the edges of the cabinet, and there was a large visual gap on each side.  I just now corrected it by pulling the unit out and making sure that it was lined up on both sides, but I had to put two new holes into the wood brace above the washer for the screws (easy in my case, but maybe not for everyone).  It wasn't difficult, but it took a while, and it will be easier for you if you check before they secure it.- Make sure that they check that all four feet are on the ground and that the dishwasher is level.  My installers never checked the back feet, and they weren't touching the floor - so the machine would slide in and out at the bottom when I opened/closed the door.  Those feet are pretty easy to adjust, but you'll have to fit your arm past the hoses underneath to reach one of them - so it's best if the installers do it and make sure that all connections are still secure afterwards.
1145	B0033Y0VZ4	R3P3RDWR79570N	Danby DDW1899BLS 18-Inch Built-In Dishwasher - Stainless Steel	Fantastic Dishwasher	I shopped around for an 18" dishwasher for quite a while. So many of them had frequent negative reviews. This one was pretty highly rated and the right price so I pulled the trigger. It's a great looking appliance. It's capacity is fine, a family of four and we usually run in every other night. It leaves dishes spotless. We've been using it for just over a month now and have had zero issues. Dishes come out clean even without pre-rinsing. The only drawback I can see is the handle to open the door is thin plastic and seems fragile. I'm worried it might break over time because the door has a tight seal and requires a lot of force to open it. All in all, I'm very happy with the dishwasher so far.
1146	B004MX8XO6	RT1FRHT5Y2SB9	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, White	You get what you pay for...	Horrible dishwasher! I was so looking forward to it because the reviews were great, but this product really is not. It says it can fit 6 place settings and can only fit 4. The plates and bowls don't fit at all, which leaves room for glasses and silverware only. And even with this little amount, after 2 washes the dishes were still dirty. Yes, I rinsed them well before running the machine. It's a big disappointment, but I guess you get what you pay for, and this machine was the cheapest.
1147	B004N4MSPO	R2Q8K5B0ZYFMUG	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, Silver	Washes great, drying not so much	When I was searching for a dish washer, I was looking for reviews with comments about baby bottles but couldn't find any so I decided to just take a gamble and try one out myself. I bought this dishwasher as a gift for myself as a late birthday gift. I had originally bought it just for my sons bottles but it ends up fitting everything and more. I love how quiet the washing is as my son sleeps very light. I love that the hookup was so easy I did not even need any help from my "Mr Fix it" b/f. The only this that I do not like about the dish washer is the drying. I have done what previous reviewers had said and read the manual from front to back. It just seems like it is not given enough time to dry?? Im not sure, but all I know is that my dishes come out still wet and I have to hand dry most of them which is fine also because it was the washing that was killing me LOL. But other than the drying I love it and wish I would have bought one sooner. This would have really came in handy for when my daughter was born in 2009!!
1148	B004MX8XO6	R31PIFSC4WNKZT	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, White	I should never have been worried.	I had no idea what this brand was. I had no idea if the machine was going to be cheap. I had no idea if it would clean.It's perfect! It's simple to use, it works very well, and it fits neatly on the counter beside the sink. I wish I had gotten one of these years ago.
1149	B007HDDMNK	R3HIERI82QHI35	Danby DDW1899WP 8 Place Setting Portable Dishwasher - White	I was just about to return this	As has been noted by many, the owner's manual is terrible. I set this machine up, turned on the spigots, flipped the power switch and... nothing happened. The machine was lit up, but the cycle did not start. I thought the machine might be "paused" so I pressed the pause button and a light started flashing on the machine - which in my mind is consistent with a "pause" state. Nothing happened so I hit the pause button again thinking I was "un-pausing" the cycle. I spent a lot of time fiddling about with the controls and trying different things to make the machine work. In the end it turns out I had the machine on pause without knowing it. If this happens to you, hit the pause button, the light will start flashing (which DOES NOT mean pause) and after 15-20 seconds the cycle will begin. I haven't had this machine for long but so far I love it.
3100	B0006DOALG	R19DWIU6DCVPVZ	KENDAL 170 WATT 2 LITER (0.53 Gallon) DIGITAL ULTRASONIC CLEANER with HEATER	Don't buy	This unit stopped working after 5th use and came without any warranty or any instructions on where to sent for repairs.
3101	B002Y26UY2	R1QOAQ6H4DB5ZG	Method Smarty Dish Dishwashing Detergent Go Naked, 20-count Pouch (Pack of 6)	the best i can find	this is the best eco friendly stuff i can find that really works on my dishes. i have a bosch and fully loaded to the max this stuff does a perfect job. i won't buy anything else. i love getting them in bulk here bc i'm too busy to remember when i'm running low!
3102	B004MX8XO6	RTPY49MCED8V4	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, White	Not very Impressed	this dishwasher is good for a single person that does dishes every day, and doesn't mind tying up their sink for an hour and a half, that's not me.Firstly the dishwasher is too small to fit a full size plate unless you angle them and skip every other slot to make sure the water gets up in there. (I didn't expect this to be huge, but expected it to be able to be able to get my dishes in)The soap bit also leaks a bit because about 66% of the time (an estimate)  you open the dishwasher after a load to find the cup full of a soap sludge  (be sure to take this out right away otherwise you get a little brick of soap that's a bugger to get out)the washing job is also not horribly impressive.  Id return it for a refund, because I'd rather have my counter space back.
3103	B00702RU5E	R1G5TMG7WOYXDR	Amana Tall Tub Dishwasher, ADB1400PYW, White	amana dishwasher	it was delivered on time and installed easy enough. its just filling in a hole in the cabinets, too clean the dishes we just do them the old fashion way, waste of money
3104	B005NK4YOU	R39M1RQTQG5BY6	Koldfront Portable Countertop Dishwasher - White / 6 Place Setting	great!	I had no expectations for this dishwasher I just needed something affordable but this product turn out to be great. Better than expected. 5 stars from me.
3105	B00702RU5E	R3G0GOG0CWU7AU	Amana Tall Tub Dishwasher, ADB1400PYW, White	Good basic unit	This Amana Tall Tub Dishwasher is an excellent basic unit. It has few settings, but they are more than able to get the job done, no matter how badly or lightly soiled your dishes are. The settings/controls are super user friendly - very straight forward - no need to read the manual to figure it out. Quite honestly, the fewer selections, the better because it is less to malfunction or go faulty.It is super quiet! The most I hear of it is when the water is running through it. You do not actually hear the motor etc while it is running - just the water.A tall tub dishwasher will fit the same as a standard dishwasher. It does not mean the dishwasher itself is taller. The inside is just more spacious/taller. You can fit ALOT of dishes/pots and pans in this dishwasher! We are a family of 5 and I am able to fit 2 days worth of dishes in, including pots and pans. I found this out by accident actually - I loaded up the dishwasher one night before bed, but forgot to start it. So the next night, I just rearranged the dishes a bit and added all of the dirty stuff from that day as well. I was surprised it all fit and that it all came out perfectly clean.My old dishwasher was a GE. This Amana cleans pots, pans and dishes thoroughly clean. I have even put the sheets from my toaster oven in and they come out so clean. Normally I have to scrub them to death in the sink, but this dishwasher did an excellent job on them! I do not have to rewash anything and I do not do alot of prewashing or rinsing - I just make sure any large "chunks" or pieces of food are not on any of the dishes/pans. Even plastic items come out clean, with no film or residue on them. With our old dishwasher, the clear plastic storage containers (like the Glad or Ziploc type) would come out with a nasty white residue or film on them. I always thought it was because our water is well/hard water, but I was wrong because they come out perfectly clean with this Amana.The silverware trays are great. They have slotted "lids" on them that you drop the silverware into. At first I thought it wouldn't hold as much as the old ones, but I think it actually holds more. You can of course flip the lids up as well and not use the slots. The silverware comes out with no spots. I do not use a rinse aid either.A very nice little feature is the clips in the top rack that hold lighter items in place - for example those clear plastic storage containers/bowls I mentioned earlier - they will not go loose inside or flip upside down. There are also 2 other flaps along the side of the top rack that you can use to help keep smaller or lightweight items in place.The door does not go all the way down to the floor, it does have the kickplate at the bottom (as you can see in the pictures above). It is a standard - about 4 inch - kickplate. This is not a drawback by any means, just pointing it out as another review had stated that it does not have the kickplate. It definitely does.This unit performs wonderfully all the way around and it is in an affordable price range when compared to other units.My only tiny dislike is that the top of the unit where the controls are is finely textured (similar to some refridgerator door handles) and so since the unit is white, I see it getting dirty over time and needing a scrubbing. Our old refridgerator had a handle that was textured like this and after years of use, it was impossible to get it completely clean. I imagine eventually the control panel on this dishwasher will end up the same way. It may take longer though since the dishwasher doesn't get as much hands on traffic as the fridge handle does.I would definitely recommend this dishwasher. It is super quiet, super easy to use, and extremely efficient. It is also energy star rated, so it's power use is minimal and in most areas of the country it will qualify you for a rebate from your electric company.5 Star unit!
3106	B004MX8XO6	R5GBW92QFJ1BT	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, White	Great Countertop Dishwasher	I flip flopped between getting a full sized DW on wheels, this countertop one or installing a slim 18" one in my kitchen. This fits great under my counter. It washes excellent and so easy to hook up. I'm divorced and kids are with me every weekend so that's the only time the dishes start to stack up. I was tired of washing by hand. I really liked my home when I bought it except for no dishwasher in the kitchen. I recommend this SPT highly. Came very well packed!
3107	B002Y26UY2	R1MMFWDWTWHBSP	Method Smarty Dish Dishwashing Detergent Go Naked, 20-count Pouch (Pack of 6)	works great, is GREEN	A great product, works as good as the expensive, name-brand dishwasher tabs. Plus, it's GREEN (good for environment). The price is also good.
3108	B004MX8XO6	R1O5EXWL5FAKFV	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, White	Worth every penny!	Is it wrong to be in love with an appliance?  This product has more than lived up to its promise in the 3 months since I bought it.  It's small but very well designed, for instance the rack in the back for small dishes is removable if you want to put extra glasses or cooking pots there.  Once you get used to loading it you can pack it pretty full.  Although it doesn't hold anything like as many dishes as a full sized dishwasher it works very well.  I also think it's pretty water efficient, at least compared to washing dishes by hand.
3109	B002Y26UY2	R2NQG7E9O6BYPS	Method Smarty Dish Dishwashing Detergent Go Naked, 20-count Pouch (Pack of 6)	Excellent	Cleans as well as the top of the line products, but much better for the enviroment.  It even cleans dried on oatmeal dishes that have waited for days to be washed.
3110	B004MX8XO6	R24GSB6DJHQPC9	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, White	Sure Made My Mom Happy	I got this for my mom and she's been giving it praise ever since. With the limited space in her kitchen, these wasn't enough for a full-sized dishwasher. Having gotten her this has made her life so much easier. She set it up herself and had no trouble at all - which was surprising as she's not so handy with tools. The dishes come out sparkling and they get dried properly as well. It seems to be sturdy too as my mom's had it for a few months now and it's still working pretty well.
3111	B002Y26UY2	RY9FLVNS74PJY	Method Smarty Dish Dishwashing Detergent Go Naked, 20-count Pouch (Pack of 6)	No Bleach Thank Goodness	Love these. They leave everything clean and sparkling. I was using the Finish Quantum Powerball tablets, but their smell of bleach made me not want to buy them any more. Method Smarty tabs do not have bleach. Also you cannot break the Finish Powerball tablets in half. I've found better results when I do not use a whole Method tab. They break easily in half, and I usually use half tablet for a full load in my dishwasher. My water is slightly hard, which I have heard could cause residue to be left on glasses (as some other reviews have reported). I have to wonder whether using the whole tablet, i.e. too much, might cause the residue. I have never had any residue or white powder on my dishes and glasses from Method Smarty Dish tabs.Also, note to others - you should NOT rinse your dishes before putting them in the dishwasher! Just scrape. If you rinse everything off (my mother always did this, back in the day), you've left nothing for the detergent to "work on", and you could get etching from that. Why the heck to people bother with a dishwasher anyway if they are going to put the dishes into them practically clean? So, please, just scrape, don't rinse.
3112	B004MX8XO6	R2FB1X30G0HDC8	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, White	Life saver	I was a little skeptical after reading some reviews on these counter top dishwashers but ours has worked very well for the last month+.  No leaking, very easy to use, pretty quiet and cleans very well.  We even put small pots and pans into the machine and have had good results.  I would recomend this model to anyone who is sick of washing dishes.  We run ours almost every other day.
3113	B006YGD4MA	R30KR85ZSD329T	SPT 18-Inch Portable Dishwasher, Stainless Steel	Does a great job	Overall I'm really really happy with this purchase, I enjoy not having to wash every dish by hand and it has cleared up counter space in my small kitchen to no longer have dishes out drying. The reasons that I gave 4 stars instead of 5 are that 1) with the hefty delivery fee charged they should be able to bring it past the threshold, the box is too large, heavy and unwieldy for someone my size to manage; and 2) I wish that it didn't take almost 2 hours from start to finish to clean the dishes.Other than that I only have positive things to say - its attractive, quiet, and cleans really well.
3114	B0006DOALG	RJGJ1V86PXBT	KENDAL 170 WATT 2 LITER (0.53 Gallon) DIGITAL ULTRASONIC CLEANER with HEATER	This unit does the cleaning	I use this for cleaning rifle brass mostly. The wife also cleans her jewelry in it. Does a pretty good job of getting things cleaned.
3115	B00702RU5E	RL7OLF088HGQ5	Amana Tall Tub Dishwasher, ADB1400PYW, White	Pretty much useless-- 11/2/12 UPDATE	I've had this for a couple of months now. I bought it based on the reviews here on amazon. I have an Amana fridge and really like it, so I thought I'd give it a try.Let me get right to the point-- even if you practically wash the dishes before putting them into the dishwasher and run it on heavy duty, they still aren't particularly clean. If there is a ring in the cup from coffee you'd better scour it off before putting it into the dishwasher. If silverware have been used and have anything left on them it will still be there when you take them out.As I bought this online and live in the sticks I'm not about to rip it out of the wall after paying $275 to install it and pay to ship it back. It was a cheap dishwasher, and now I know why. The dishwasher I replaced was a Kitchen Aid and had served me well for 4 years. The fact that I have EXTREMELY hard water here meant I had to take it apart every 4 months and scape off a nasty mix of calcium and residual grease, and then it would wash great for another 4-5 months. This unit hasn't even been here that long. I ran several loads with nothing but vinegar thinking maybe the water jets were already jammed with calcium, but that doesn't seem to help, either.I'm giving it a couple stars because the compartment is nice and roomy (better than the kitchen Aid) and the front of it is pretty easy to keep clean, with few places for dirt and grime to collect. The silverware baskets are easily moveable, but they do have really irritating flaps that hinge (badly) on the side and get stuck on everything. I just pulled them off and that makes the baskets much more convenient.I know that many Americans practically wash their dishes prior to loading them, so maybe that's why this machine got okay reviews. I live in the high desert and prefer not to waste gallons and gallons of water double washing dishes (not to mention the waste of my time).If you are water conscious and want clean dishes I'd avoid buying this unit. Spring the extra cash and buy a Kitchen Aid, or Bosch, both of which I've had and have been workhorses.UPDATE:In spite of my desire to NOT waste my time I sent my product information to Amana and began the (ultimately) pointless process of the "customer service" dance.Why is it so hard to communicate the fact to "customer service" people that the product just doesn't work? I noticed that fact mere weeks after installation-- which cost me close to $300.MY IDEA OF CUSTOMER SERVICE:Take back a product that does not function as it should.Well, the very polite and friendly and quick to respond to my email woman at Amana told me that they could do one of two things:1. Nothing (well, she didn't put it in such unpalatable terms, but there it is)2. send out a service tech. If the service tech determined that it was functioning fine, but that our water or the temperature of the water that was heated by the machine was insufficient, it would be my bill.She also told me to run vinegar or citric acid through it. She concluded by saying that the unit wouldn't be covered under warranty in any case because I was using it in my bed and breakfast.None of this came as a surprise to me. I'm more frustrated with myself for wasting time and energy trying to extract some value from a poor purchasing decision.The moral of this story? I should have stuck with my kitchenaid, which was considerably more expensive but could have cleaned the underside of my car if I could have shoved it inside.I'm aware that I wash 2 to 3 more loads of dishes per day than the average citizen. I feel like 3 or 4 years of good cleaning was all I could really expect from my last unit. I think that less than 6 months is pretty much unacceptable for any dishwasher, no matter how often it is used. And, if the unit is not constructed to handle "hard" water, that should be clearly stated. The "customer service" person's response, citing Federal guidelines as the culprit in the machine's inability to clean (something about water heating and the limitations of the current units)means nothing to me. I'm stuck with a $329 dishwasher, $275 installation bill, and the need to buy another dishwasher soon.
3116	B007HDDMNK	R3TIJ5TIJ1ZFAD	Danby DDW1899WP 8 Place Setting Portable Dishwasher - White	Love it!	It gets the job done. What a great little machine :) just make sure u order the dishwasher salt. I didn't and I had to wait a wk for it to come in the mail because u can't buy at a regular store.
3117	B006YGD4MA	R1MP01SDH14VR8	SPT 18-Inch Portable Dishwasher, Stainless Steel	Good item for a "Play Kitchen"	I chose this because of many good reviews and size. I think many of the good reviews were from people that are not accustomed to a fairly good quality dishwasher. It is flimsy to say the least and seems better suited to my granddaughters play kitchen than mine. The center arm for distributing water is frequently coming off and needing to be 'snapped' back into place, the bottom rack is unstable and often rolls back into the dishwasher while trying to load the machine, the hose and electrical cord do not glide easily back into place, most of the little plastic doo dads such as to top of the flatware rack and the stemware guides are a waste but easily removed, the flatware rack topples over and so on. However, it does get the job done. As far as quiet goes it doesn't appear any quieter than any 'real' dishwasher. I've been using the machine for 4-5 weeks now  and if I had it to do over I would not buy this but would opt for a more traditional brand and sturdier dishwasher.
3118	B005NK3JYQ	R16JX8PZDZQZP5	Koldfront 6 Place Setting Portable Countertop Dishwasher - Black	Great little washer!	I love mine!  Ive been using my koldfront for a week now and I absolutely love it!  It didnt leak and it fits perfectly in my tiny kitchen.  Ive heard reviews that they leak and they do not clean very well but I guess I was lucky to get one that was in good shape because it cleans the dishes just fine!  Of course you have to make sure the dishes are not full of cruddy stuck on food particles, but that could happen in any dishwasher.  I guess I just didnt expect too much out of a countertop washer and it surpassed my expectations!  I finally have time to spend with my children instead of spending every night slaving over the sink!  If you have a tiny kitchen and are doing dishes by hand and HATE it, then buy this product!!!  Follow the instructions and tips from the 4 star review from Busy mom!  The only thing I would add is Before you start using this, Run it through the 10 minute test cycle to make sure it doesnt leak!  If it does then get it replaced!  The company should work with you to replace non working parts or the entire machine!  Good luck and I hope everyones works as well for you as it does for me!
3119	B002Y26UY2	R13TM5384J24GM	Method Smarty Dish Dishwashing Detergent Go Naked, 20-count Pouch (Pack of 6)	Works great	Works just as well as the big-name stuff we were buying.  Packaged in a resealable plastic pouch, so I don't have to worry about getting the package wet.
3120	B002Y26UY2	R2QIJITSCPM01O	Method Smarty Dish Dishwashing Detergent Go Naked, 20-count Pouch (Pack of 6)	spotty filmy	I can be pretty crunchy -- I almost exclusively use vinegar to clean. BUT I cannot live with the spotty film that these left on everything in the dishwasher. Another reviewer suggested that a late-model dishwasher may be the key, but mine is brand new, to no avail. I tried one load just with the tablet and one with vinegar in the jetclear dispenser. Neither worked. I love method generally, but I'm sending the order back.
3121	B002Y26UY2	R5FICHO40H43S	Method Smarty Dish Dishwashing Detergent Go Naked, 20-count Pouch (Pack of 6)	I hate scented products	These tabs get my dishes very clean even though I don't do much pre-rinsing before I put them in the dishwasher. I have been trying to eliminate as many scented products from my home as possible and these tabs are great!
3122	B007HDDMNK	R3S65GKPBIE5KW	Danby DDW1899WP 8 Place Setting Portable Dishwasher - White	Works well	I bought this roughly a month and a half ago. Works really well for just 2 people in our home. Has a few quirks to it but nothing major. Would recommend (actually have to a few people).
3123	B004MX8XO6	R2PO4VPBZDQH2S	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, White	Counter top Dishwasher	The unit box arrived big. However, package was securely done. Unit was as describe and have been using it. So far so good.
3124	B004KU7P4K	R251985K3SYKHT	2pack of Lunatec� SCRUBR Odor Free Dishcloths. The perfect scrubber, dish cloth and scouring pad for cleaning your dishes, pots and pans, and kitchen gear while Camping, Backpacking, RVing and at Home.	Small, but functional	Pros:- Good scrubbing capability- doesn't hurt non-stick finish- Wraps up into a nice small bundle for packingCons:- Small
3125	B007HDDMNK	R2TC14297H0SFK	Danby DDW1899WP 8 Place Setting Portable Dishwasher - White	Love it	I live out in the boonies with hard water.  One of the reasons I purchased this particular model was for the saltz feature.So far so great!  I am very happy.  Right out of the box.....simple.  One thing, it is a little taller than stated with the wheels and all.  Prehaps off by a couple of inches.
3126	B00702RSNS	R2ZAVPKSF90SLP	Amana Tall Tub Dishwasher, ADB1400PYB, Black	Basic, but functional, roomy, and cheap	This is a good deal. We've had ours for a few weeks now and it's working well. It's pretty quiet, at least compared to our old one (there are newer ones that are quieter, I'm sure), it gets dishes clean, and it has a lot of room. The negatives so far are only that the bottom rack doesn't have a lot of options for deep dishes or pans, you kind of have to put them on the side (where the little spikes are farther apart) or just lay them face down (and then they take up a lot of room); and that the dishes don't really dry off completely--but we're not using a rinse agent, and it's been summer in NYC where the humidity has been crazy. It's simple to use, quiet, and gets things clean. For $329 and free shipping I doubt it can be beat.
3127	B002Y26UY2	RNW33LHYIJIX7	Method Smarty Dish Dishwashing Detergent Go Naked, 20-count Pouch (Pack of 6)	Fantastic Product!	I love the Smarty dish tablets.  We go through a lot of dishwasher loads and the tabs (one per load) have been up to the task of all different types of items, and different degrees of tough food. This stuff get dried on peanut butter off of cutlery! I simply scrape off large food bits (no rinsing, there is no need with this product and a recent DW), load the DW well (place heavily soiled surfaces toward the center of the machine, not the sides)and let the washer and smarty dish do their work. Highly recommended!
3128	B0006DOALG	R1KZIPMQRNQAQU	KENDAL 170 WATT 2 LITER (0.53 Gallon) DIGITAL ULTRASONIC CLEANER with HEATER	Kendal sonic cleaner works great on locks and cores!	Used this sonic cleaner to get years of grime out of padlocks, locks and cores. Works great! Heat feature really speeds up the process.
3129	B006YGD4MA	RF78UA0PBUP5M	SPT 18-Inch Portable Dishwasher, Stainless Steel	worth the money	I was going to buy the 18'' Kenmore from sears, but I am totally in love with this washing machine. It's extremely quiet and slick.
3130	B0006DOALG	R2DD3IZJPSIJ4B	KENDAL 170 WATT 2 LITER (0.53 Gallon) DIGITAL ULTRASONIC CLEANER with HEATER	Love it!	My engagement ring and wedding band came out looking like I cleaned it at the jeweler! I also used it on my other jewelry. With the exception of one silver piece that was severely tarnished, it worked great.
3131	B0033Y0VZ4	RUORI1IZJ5NNZ	Danby DDW1899BLS 18-Inch Built-In Dishwasher - Stainless Steel	Banged up, soaked product manual, leaks when operating	UNfortunately, I bought this dishwasher and my contractor did not finish the bar kitchen for 4 months so that it was beyond the return period and I am stuck with it.  Now I will see if any warranty is available- what a mess.  Be careful with this one!
3132	B006YGD4MA	R3C210GPT9Q712	SPT 18-Inch Portable Dishwasher, Stainless Steel	We needed a $5 adapter for our faucet to accept the connection	This is a great dishwasher. Just what we needed. Other 18 inch dishwashers are actually 19 or 20 inch (Kenmore, etc). We needed something actually 18 inch or less. This product is exactly that.The adapter that comes with the dishwasher did not fit our Delta faucet with its non-standard sized "cache aerator." Went to several local shops with no solution offered.This is the adapter piece (from Delta) that made this dishwasher work for us:http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003MWRMIQ which is Delta part #RP51505 and you can read Delta's FAQ regarding this part here: http://www.deltafaucet.com/customersupport/faq/general/index.htmlThe adapter cost $5.
3133	B0033Y0VZ4	R3H1CTD22LTXW2	Danby DDW1899BLS 18-Inch Built-In Dishwasher - Stainless Steel	Just as good as advertised	I've only had it for 3 weeks now but I love it.  The dishwasher works like a dream, just the right size for 2 people in a location with limited space.  There are now 2 others in our park!
3134	B004N4MSPO	R1435AH4MI6LLC	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, Silver	This Dishwasher is awesome!	How the 1* star reviews, not sure?  Don't know how it could not be working so great for one and work excellently for another unless not functioning properly...?  I've had success all the way!  It's only recently that I've had some issues with unclean dishes, and I'm sure it's because I've been playing with the maximum capacity and overloaded it a couple times (i.e. a dish blocks the soap dispenser), So I'm not worried.  Have had mine for over a month now, and it saves me time, my hands from getting too dry and achy, and keeps my kitchen orderly.  Even had some dirty pans in there before to test the clean factor and everything came out snappy!  I do use a rinse aid and usually always run on a full, full load (meaning every slot taken and some things stuffed in between) on the one less than heavy cycle, and everything looks great!  (sometimes, and I mean really not often, a piece of dry food stuck to some silverware but I just scratch it off- plus, it gets hot enough to *sanitize, so not worried there.)  Plus, plates are usually rinsed a little before loading the washer, but in general I'm just getting any food particles off so not to clog the filter.  So not really pre-washing or rinsing everything carefully, just a general overlook.The only thing I can think of why some may be having trouble is that they open the washer before it has completed the cycle?  Sure, it sounds simple but I did this a few times in the beginning and didn't realize.  It has the times for each cycle in the booklet, plus it beeps for 8 seconds when it's really done- just a guess...On the Faucet:  Yes, we did remove our faucet head to connect the hose.  We did not need an adapter.  Our faucet head was one that is on a swivel though, so it's already an attachment kind.  This could be an issue for some, but it wasn't for us.If this review helps, great!p.s. looking into warranty info...
3135	B007HDDMNK	R3MZZ23JL7M0CN	Danby DDW1899WP 8 Place Setting Portable Dishwasher - White	This dishwasher saved my marriage.	Ok, not really. But there is no longer the argument about who's turn it is to wash dishes in my apartment.  Perfect dishwasher for my small family!
3136	B0006DOALG	RXK8DBD8XHH6L	KENDAL 170 WATT 2 LITER (0.53 Gallon) DIGITAL ULTRASONIC CLEANER with HEATER	ULTRASONIC CLEANER with HEATER	i overall like the cleaner , the bad things are the heater doesnt work, and it take way longer to clean a idem , the timer is way to short of time , it take about 15 minuts to do a good clean job , i can only get 5 minuts out of it, and use a good dish washing liquid soap in it , dont use plane water
3137	B007HDDMNK	R2Q4IH5WXB83N1	Danby DDW1899WP 8 Place Setting Portable Dishwasher - White	Perfect.	Gave as a gift to an apartment living member of the family. It was instant love at first sight. Now 4 months the glow of ownership is still there
3138	B00702RTZU	R1Z8R3HXS2QL1L	Amana Tall Tub Dishwasher, ADB1400PYS, Stainless	Great product and great price!!	I chose this rating based on the quality of the product, the phenomenal price compared to other dishwashers, the excellent customer service and free delivery. And no sales tax!!
3139	B007HDDMNK	R2Z4U9DR96GU5	Danby DDW1899WP 8 Place Setting Portable Dishwasher - White	disappointing	This is a SMALL machine and, although the manufacterer claims it can handle 4-5 place setting, it cannot handle "American" sized dinner plates.  You will still be doing a large amount of hand washing.Pros: 1.  small.  2.  portable.Cons: 1.  Dishes are not always clean.  2.  Lower rack cannot accomodate American sized dinner plates, only salad/dessert size or smaller, and forget about serving dishes.  3.  Pot and pans: don't bother.  4.  Rack cannot hold lids for pots/pans.  5.  glasses/mugs/cups on upper rack do not always come clean, especially those in the corners.  6.  film left on glasses.  6.  Silverware not clean. 7.  Wash cycles are LOOOONG. 8. Dishes are not dry at the end of the cycle.It is what it is.  Wish I had my mini-Kenmore back.  sigh.
3140	B0052FXC9Y	R2RD62RC76KGG3	Danby DDW611WLED Countertop Dishwasher - White	Excellent Product	This replaces a older model Danby that no longer had door seals available. This is a significantly improved model and my wife loves it. If you don't have room to install a counter model, this is an excellent means of relieving yourself and/or your wife from washinmg dishes by hand.
3141	B007HDDMNK	R18WG66R4QLOR5	Danby DDW1899WP 8 Place Setting Portable Dishwasher - White	NICE DISHWASHER - GREAT PRICE at $339	Although I never heard of the Danby brand before the many positive reviews on Amazon convinced me to try out this dishwasher. I like the fact that it is compact, can be pushed up flush against the wall with no hoses or cords sticking out, and that the controls are so simple. Basically, the controls consist of an on/off (power) button, one knob which decreases the cycle time as it is rotated clockwise, and a start button. As mentioned elsewhere, it is nice and quiet when operating. After a couple of loads I have to say that I'm pretty amazed at how clean my dishes are, and how little water the thing uses. Items such as clear plastic glasses and the parts to my food processor, which always used to look dull after washing them by hand now sparkle like the day they were new.The faucet adapter was bit of a challenge. I decided to add an inexpensive, single tap (hot) bathroom faucet to my kitchen sink in order to connect the dishwasher and still be able to use the kitchen sink faucet. The problem was that the adapter for the dishwasher fits a 13/16-27 thread and the one for the aerator on the faucet was a 3/4-27. Being unable to find any sort of matching coupling at the local building supply I simply soldered the adapter to a bath faucet aerator and the problem was solved. Be aware that coupling the adapter to one of those single-hole kitchen pull-out faucets with the built in sprayer will cause the water to shoot out of the sprayer, instead of being fed into the dishwasher.Overall, I'm pleased with the unit. It was well packed and easy to unwrap. My complaints about it are minor. The wheels could be a bit quieter, and I'll see if I can tame their squeakiness with some silicone spray. The hoses could be a bit longer so that the dishwasher doesn't have to be almost butted up to the sink. Finally, if the adapter could accommodate a 3/4-27 thread it would have been helpful, at least in my case.
3142	B002Y26UY2	RE6GJOTYXYYLW	Method Smarty Dish Dishwashing Detergent Go Naked, 20-count Pouch (Pack of 6)	Residue, Stains	I love Method's other products and really wanted to love this one, too, but unfortunately it didn't perform. The glasses came out with a white residue on them, and the tea cups still had tea stains inside. I see Method makes a Smarty Dish Plus formula, maybe it performs better.
3143	B005NK3JYQ	RBOZ6JZKWAIKU	Koldfront 6 Place Setting Portable Countertop Dishwasher - Black	Love this dishwasher...	I have only had it for few days, but so far I love this thing. It came quicker than expected, delivery was suppose to be between the 7th and the 10th, but I actually got it the 4th so that was a pleasant surprise. Hook up was simple and so far no leaks. I have ran the heck out of it to see what it can do, and so far it has cleaned everything perfectly. The only drawback is that it is bigger than expected. But that's on me, I mis-measured so it does not fit under my cabinets where I wanted it but I figure I will just get a little stand to keep it on so I can roll it over to the sink when I want to use it.
3144	B007HDDMNK	R2GMA4BS5LFPDU	Danby DDW1899WP 8 Place Setting Portable Dishwasher - White	Love it!	As the other reviews have stated, the user manual leaves a little bit to be desired, but otherwise this is a wonderful little dishwasher.  I happened to find a deal and got it shipped to a local store slightly cheaper than I could buy it here.  But if I hadn't checked on Amazon I would never know how to run the dishwasher as it looks like the user manual was written by someone that has never heard English. It works better than I ever expected it to and I love it.
3145	B002Y26UY2	R27R1R5A0VAB58	Method Smarty Dish Dishwashing Detergent Go Naked, 20-count Pouch (Pack of 6)	Working great with our Bosch Ecosense	We got a new Bosch Ecosense DW that doesn't have a drying cycle.  We noticed that after using Cascade soap pods, there was overwhelming soap residue and smell on the dishes.  After switching to Method Smarty Dish pods, we are having no soap residue and our dishes are completely spotless and clean!
3146	B0033Y0VZ4	R1DYFORMJ23715	Danby DDW1899BLS 18-Inch Built-In Dishwasher - Stainless Steel	Good Unit for the $$	Overall this is a nice little unit, which is very appealing to look at.  This was a direct replacement for a old 18" dishwasher mounted into my cabinets.  Will say that the over-all height of this unit vs. the old unit is a few inches (2"-3") shorter-so I had to adjust the legs quite a bit to accomodate, and now need to add baseboard moulding underneath and around the bottom run of cabinets to hide the opening/ water and electrical connection points - not a big deal.  Cleans dishes very well, and do recommend that you lower the top rack down to the lowest of the 2 settings, as this will gain you a bit more capacity for dishes (still less capacity than that of my old unit). Also, it should be noted that this unit does not have a heater for drying dishes, so don't be suprised if you need to open the door at the end of the cycle (ave run time 2.75hrs) to allow for air circulation to dry.Overall very impressed, and would recommend this to anyone looking for a relatively inexpensive way to update/replace a similar unit for a stainless steel model.
3147	B007HDDMNK	R31RTAKQ46COYN	Danby DDW1899WP 8 Place Setting Portable Dishwasher - White	Great Portable for a great price!	I purchased the Danby after much research about portable dishwashers (different sizes, price points, etc). I wanted to get something a bit smaller, but many countertop options wouldn't work well with the kitchen in my apartment. I wasn't about to carry a 50-75lb dishwasher from the counter to the basement everytime I needed to do dishes, plus the Danby was only 100 dollars more than many countertops. This machine was $350 which I thought was a pretty good price for what you get, here's why.....I got the dishwasher quickly and was relieved to see how well packaged it was. I knew the dimensions of the product, but was still surprised to see how big it really was in person. Sturdy plastic outer case and all stainless steel inside. The top of the dishwasher is a very hard tough plastic that I plan on using as extra counter space. I'm kind of limited in my kitchen so this was a great surprise. I was expecting something flimsier and not able to withstand much weight, but again, this dishwasher seems very well built. I've read some reviews that said the manual is not clear about how to set everything up and some people struggled, but it seemed like most of it was common sense to me. Everything hooked right up, only took a minute or two. I might add though, depending on your faucet, make sure you have some teflon plumber's tape handy to put on the threads of the adapter. If you don't put any on, it'll leak pretty badly. I made that mistake. Once I corrected that, though, not a drip in sight.So far the machine works great! First run, I put in a bunch of spaghetti bowls from 3 nights ago, along with the silverware with dried on sauce. I ran a normal cycle (not pots and pans), and everything came out crystal clear. Not a speck in sight. I've run 3 more loads since then, and all are the same story. Perfectly crystal clear and shiny like new. I've read some reviews that said people had some issues getting everything to come clean, and I'm wondering if maybe those people are using cheaper detergent. I use Cascade Complete with Dawn and that has worked perfectly so far.This is the first day I have had the product, so I can't say anything about reliability. I will repost in a few months with an update on how well it is doing.
3148	B0052FXC9Y	RS6EXZSWXX3ZT	Danby DDW611WLED Countertop Dishwasher - White	Perfect dish job	This machine rocks.  Has all the bells and whistles of the big installed dishwashers.  Washes great.  Hooked up perfectly first time.  Cord is extra long.  Interior space holds a lot of dishes if you know how to strategically place things.  Just be sure to check the space between countertops and upper cabinets or plan to store on a rolling cart.  I ordered without measuring and the machine almost didn't fit.  It has several cycles and tells you how much water is used for each one.  I like the fast cycle which always gets the job done.  Super job for the price and just what I needed in my apartment to hide the dirty dishes.
3149	B005NK21MM	RZQTUJY3A73AF	EdgeStar 6 Place Setting Countertop Portable Dishwasher - Silver	Works great for small spaces	It's easy to hook up, I like it. I hate dishes so I got this. Best choice ever. Get it.
