1250	B0031M9H3A	R3BMJA86LKWNT2	Nine Stars Touchless Automatic Motion Sensor Trash Can, Set of 2	Great Deal!!!!	Shopped around for stainless steel trash can and the price and look and performance is awesome. Now I know people have complained about the motion sensor stopped working, but had for a few months and on a couple of occasions it did stop working, but due to the trash was up to the lid and hit the turn off button on the underside of the lid. The trash can seems be very good quality and looks great. The only complaint or recommendation would be to place the on and off switch inside the lid elsewhere or in a compartment where as it can be accidentally turned off.
1251	B0031M9HJ4	RY0KQYV8MCDD1	Nine Stars DZT-50-9 Infrared Touchless Stainless Steel Trash Can, 13.2-Gallon	Touch Free Stainless Steel Trash Can	Very nice and unique item. I wanted to be able to put trash in the garbage can without having to touch the garbage can to open it. I have had the step on kind that eventually broke.
1252	B0031M9H3A	RWT84H647PNQ4	Nine Stars Touchless Automatic Motion Sensor Trash Can, Set of 2	Wonderful	These cans are very fashionable. I never knew that throwing away trash could be so fun. The cans are complimenting to the kithchen and bathroom. Price is excellent. You could easily pay more for one that is not made withe sensor motion lid opening. would highly recommend this purchase.
1253	B0031M9HJ4	R14W2ZGLBKQ9Y	Nine Stars DZT-50-9 Infrared Touchless Stainless Steel Trash Can, 13.2-Gallon	LOVE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	I had my reservations about this garbage pail even though I love the concept.  My concern was the the location where I would place it, right next to the kitchen door.  I was afraid that everytime someone would walk by, it would open.  I took a chance and ordered it anyway.My congrats to Nine Stars for the opening system they created.  The pail has to detect motion directly above, at about 18 ins, for it to open.  Walking past, no matter how close, will not cause the top to open.  The can itself is great looking and the stainless steel is very easy to clean.  It fits in perfectly with all my other stainless steel appliances.  Battery life seems to be long as I'm still on the same three 'C' batteries for the month I've had it.
1254	B003VWMS5E	R2D8WBQNS3D2F1	simplehuman 50L-Liter / 13-Gallon Semi-Round Step Trash Can, Black Plastic	Attractive and Functional	I only use it for family get-togethers since I am retired and single.  Everyone in my family seems to have a stainless steel can but I couldn't justify the cost when this trash can is so reasonably priced, sturdy, and well-made.
1255	B005EAEIJ0	R12QWD7XIJK7LK	simplehuman Slim Open Can, Brushed Stainless Steel, 50-Liter/ 13-Gallon	Never Knew I could Like a Trashcan this much!	Yes it is expensive, but so worth it to me! I love not having a top. I hate having to touch lids to open them and the way lids get in the way when your bag is starting to get full. Not having a lid has not been a problem with our dog nor with smell or unsightly trash because the trash is down so far in the can that those things are not an issue. This can is thin and tall, looks so good in the kitchen. I don't have a place to hide a can. If I had a hidden can I wouldn't spend this much money, but with our can being out - I wanted to have a nice looking can that was easy to use. This is both. We use standard 13 gallon kitchen bags with this can. They fit nicely and you can fill them completely.
1256	B002Q8AOW8	R12N4R5WD8AIWW	iTouchless 13 Gallon Square Stainless Steel extra-Wide Opening Touchless Trash Can MX	Great Trash Can	We have had it in the house for two months now and everything works great.  It looks great and is stylish.  We have only used it with battery power and have had no issues at all.  13 Gal bags work well in the cans but when the can is full the bag is full also, there is not alot of extra space to tie the bag so if you could find a little bigger bag i would recommend it or use the 13 gal with the build in handles.Its so nice when you have something messy or sticky you just move your hand in front of it and it opens you drop your trash no muss no fuss.  I cant say for sure but it has to keep the spreading of germs down also. Not haveing to touch the trash can everytime makes it a clean operation.  Plus the lid closes quickly and keeps all the odors bottled up.The opening is very nice sized and almost everyting we have had to throw away fits in without having to force it, it just drops in.One added bonus is the kids like to use it...
1257	B0031M9HJ4	R1LMFMCZW843CG	Nine Stars DZT-50-9 Infrared Touchless Stainless Steel Trash Can, 13.2-Gallon	Open Sezzzz Me...But Not Too Often!	Trash cans have gone the way of many other items in today's marketplace.  They are severely overpriced but the good news is that this one is less expensive than many that are out there today!  It's a nice looking piece and 13 gallon bags fit it perfectly without billowing over the top.  There are two drawbacks that I noticed with this item. The first is that it has no interior pail so the bag simply hangs in there but it is secured by a removable hard plastic rim that encircles the can near the top. If the bag is punctured or torn you could have a mess inside the can that would be difficult to clean easily. The feature that has me both smiling and perplexed is the way the lid opens and closes!  Using three C size batteries this lid will open and close for you without ever having to touch it! Go near the lid and it pops open...turn to walk away and it closes too! It's an option that is nice but you don't have to use it if you don't wish to.  The lid has a small tab on top to be used if manual operation is what you prefer.  Perplexing is the constancy of the battery changing.  The battery operated feature only lasts for a few weeks and then it's replacement time...which can get fairly costly unless you buy the rechargeable type.  At today's prices, however, the can is a steal!
1258	B0016L679A	R2XZJ3RN5NXAZX	simplehuman Rectangular Step Trash Can, Brushed Stainless Steel, 38 Liters /10 Gallons	Do Not Buy This Garbage Can	I hate this garbage can.  It looks fine but it is impossible to clean.  Open it up and you'll find a collection of nooks and crannies that accumulate every tiny crumb and morsel of garbage and develop a lingering, festering smell pot right in your kitchen.  The only way I've figured out to clean this garbage can is to take it outside and blast it with the garden hose, taking periodic breaks to scrub it with an S.O.S. pad.  When it finally dries it is left with streaks of rust on its "stainless" steel exterior.The design is all aesthetic and no practicality.  If it weren't for the $129 investment I'd made I'd have replaced it sooner, likely with something that costs less than $20 and is a breeze to clean.But, you know, it could just be me.  Everyone else here seems to love it.
1259	B002Q8AOSW	R3RHL1TWM3L72L	iTouchless AC Power Adaptor for Stainless Steel Recycle Trash Can	Stainless Steel Recycle Trash can power adaptor	This should have been included with the trash can - since you can't operate the automatic lid without it. It works great and I love the trash can.
1260	B0031M9HJ4	R1ZMTEZWCPF9G2	Nine Stars DZT-50-9 Infrared Touchless Stainless Steel Trash Can, 13.2-Gallon	Great product	Bought this product as we already had one and needed a trash can at our cabin. Love the quality of this manufacturer.  Easy to use, very solid and know we will have years of use. Holds customary trash bag sizes (no special orders necessary). Highly recommend it to anyone seeking a 'no touch' trash can. And kids love using it (another plus)...
1261	B000EJVYTS	R3KNVBE84X5G5Q	iTouchless Deodorizer Touch-Free Sensor 13-Gallon Automatic Stainless-Steel Trash Can	Great kitchen garbage can. How did we do without it?	Everyone qt our house really likes the garbage can. We have gotten so used to it that we stand over other people's garbage cans when visiting their houses waiting for the lid to open. We have had no issues with it. Very happy with it. It has the same capacity as our other garbage can and it's much cleaner (no more spillage on the top of the lid.I recommend it!
1262	B004L9L42O	RU0XTL4IDYO0W	simplehuman 40-Liter Slim Plastic Step Can, Black	Great product	I have 2 of these because I have dogs that love to get into the trash.  A friend was having the save problem, so I bought him one and it solved his problem too.
1263	B0015YJ9WA	RBVG192SXRFPG	simplehuman Profile Step Trash Can, Brushed Stainless Steel, 10 Liters / 2.6 Gallons	Great product	We love it.  It uses plastic grocery bags and has hooks at the front and back of the inner container that you use to attach the bags.  Once attached they stay there!  It is amazing how much stuff you can cram in.  When it is full just remove the bag, tie it, and throw it in your trash can/dumptser/etc.  Then put another bag in the Simplehuman and start again.  We'd recommend it highly.
1264	B0007845JC	R21DD54JN72CTB	Rubbermaid Commercial Brute HDPE 50-Gallon Rollout Trash Can with Lid, Rectangular, 23.38" Width x 28.5" Depth x 36.5" Height, Gray	Nice	This is a great quality and value.  I plan on buying another one soon since this one seems durable and functional.
1265	B0044V7GMG	R1K9SP1T8SCVE5	Suncast GHW1732 Resin Wicker Trash Hideaway	Great product	Great trash can for outside.  It is water tight so your trash bag does not get filled with water.  The lid also locks so it is not flapping around in the wind.  Would highly recommend.
1266	B000EJVYTS	R2C4V89M2IGPZ5	iTouchless Deodorizer Touch-Free Sensor 13-Gallon Automatic Stainless-Steel Trash Can	returned first one now perfect	I have had this product for 2 weeks, have changed the batteries twice and it is very inconsistent in its operation.  I may return this after this week.  got a replacement and it works great . had it for months now.  be persistent worth buying!!
1267	B000EJVYTS	R7H7FYJKATMZK	iTouchless Deodorizer Touch-Free Sensor 13-Gallon Automatic Stainless-Steel Trash Can	Awesome Trash Can!	Reviewing a trash can seems silly to me, however, I felt so obliged to tell everybody on this site what a wonderful product this truly is.  It holds a lot of trash, and keeps the smell level considerably down (compared with regular trash cans).  Additionally, the sensor works great, and I haven't had any problems with it.  It is silly though that it takes 4 D-cell batteries.  I just found a power adapter laying around in my house for a portable iPod dock, and it fit, so I plugged that into the wall and voila!  No need for batteries!I highly recommend this product even though it is a bit pricey for a silly trash can!
1268	B0016L679A	R35AWW9HXX0F5L	simplehuman Rectangular Step Trash Can, Brushed Stainless Steel, 38 Liters /10 Gallons	I can't believe I paid this much for a trash can	I love this horribly overpriced thing!  I actually look forward to throwing stuff out.  I even like changing the bag.  (I still don't like carrying it outside, though.)
1269	B0018X940U	R1HH116KR1GUGD	Stansport Collapsible Campsite Carry-All Trash Can, Green	Spring wasn't as firm as I expected	When I first opened this product, the trash can looked "wilted." I let it stand overnight to see if it'd help, with maybe a slight improvement. We'll be taking it with us on a trip soon, so if I'm more wowed than 3 stars' worth after that, then I'll update to reflect.
1270	B005EAEIJ0	R1GS3YIIKOY3B1	simplehuman Slim Open Can, Brushed Stainless Steel, 50-Liter/ 13-Gallon	Open top	I thought I would not like the fact that there was no lid to this can.  However, unless you are standing right next to the can, you don't notice the trash inside.  One of my biggest fears were smells and I have not noticed any.  Lastly, I have found that it is more convenient to be able to throw things right in without having to lift a lid.  Especially if my hands are messy or whatever I am throwing away is messy.
1271	B000EJVYTS	R27JR3XEJ4TJQ0	iTouchless Deodorizer Touch-Free Sensor 13-Gallon Automatic Stainless-Steel Trash Can	Great Trash can for the money	I have had this for about a month now and it works great.  It's got a larger opening than the last one I had which makes it easier to put things in it. For the money this is a great buy.  Would recommend.
1272	B00203PSRA	R2QS6RAB4NRNLR	simplehuman Round Step Trash Can, Fingerprint-Proof Brushed Stainless Steel, 4.5-Liter /1.2-Gallon	We like it	we are happy with it. The only down side is the weight. It's light and wants to slip/slide on the floor  when stepping on the pedal to open the can. Placing the can on a rug rather than bare floor will settle the problem.
1273	B0000V09DC	R20XPH0W9F2MG1	Umbra Mini Recycled Polypropylene Waste Can, Black	YES. BUY IT IF YOU WANT/NEED IT.	This garbage can saved my messy room from having garbage all over the place. it is very sturdy, and has very nice quality. it is a Shiny black garbage can, and of course it is MINI not big, about 1.5 feet I would say. (or whatever it says on the description.) Anyway, yes it is very nice, and holds a lot. only down side is getting fingerprints on it, but it is not a big deal.
1274	B000SZM6G8	RMCV0TI1QZWN0	Umbra Grand 10-Gallon Waste Can, Black	10-gallon waste can	Nice little waste can.  Be sure you know what 10 gallons means before you buy it.  It is MUCH smaller than the kitchen trash can I replaced....and therefore way too small for our household of two, and I often need to dump it twice a day.  We need one twice as big for our kitchen, sadly, but it is of good quality.
1275	B004LLHEDA	R1AOCILBFJERE	Umbra Skinny Polypropylene Waste Can, Bronze	Great little trash can!	This is the perfect trash can for your bedroom or living room!  Holds just as much as any other wastebasket, but the skinny shape makes it perfect reusing grocery bags, and the handle makes carrying it extra convenient.  Also, I got the purple color and it's true to how it looks in the picture.
1276	B000BQWLE6	R1N271ER2S5YPS	Hopkins TRASH-BLA Pop Up Trash Can	SMALL, SMALL, SMALL	When i bought it I didnt realize it was about the size of a folgers coffe can - not really much use at this size
1277	B000EJVYTS	RFQRNNMGNIEX	iTouchless Deodorizer Touch-Free Sensor 13-Gallon Automatic Stainless-Steel Trash Can	Flawless	I've been using this trash can for 5 months now - it performs flawlessly!A nice sleek look in the kitchen, easy (and amusing) for kids.It does seem to "like" my black bath robe, if I walk by wearing it, the trash can opens, but its not a big deal!
1278	B003VWMS5E	R1NVDPOAMMY9LL	simplehuman 50L-Liter / 13-Gallon Semi-Round Step Trash Can, Black Plastic	Excited about a garbage can?	A garbage can is not something you would typically expect one to be excited about, but this one is quite nice despite the expensive price tag.  The locking lid is great if you have inquisitive pets, or for making frequent trips while cooking.  The shape is also more accommodating for bulkier trash items (13 gallon bags fit very nicely).
1279	B0044V7GMG	R97L5UJ73MZYE	Suncast GHW1732 Resin Wicker Trash Hideaway	LOVE IT for our pool area	Got this for our outdoor patio by the pool, and it has a larger capacity than I expected. It was a cinch to put together (less than 5-minutes). Large capacity outdoor trash bags fit perfectly and it looks beautiful on our patio. Lots of compliments. Purchased this at a warehouse club for a similar price.
1280	B00006IALF	RI6TN334PK7R9	Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket, 11-1/2 diameter x 14-1/4h, black	Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket, 11-1/2 diameter x 14-1/4h, black	the Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket, 11-1/2 diameter x 14-1/4h, black is a great addition to any office.  blends very nicely and is the perfect size to place beside or underneath  your desk.  Great buy at a great price
1281	B004MDM8NS	R3QZUYS36JY557	Rubbermaid Commercial 2952 LLDPE 8-1/8 Quart Deskside Vanity Trash Can, Rectangular, 6-3/4" Width x 9-7/8" Depth x 10-1/8" Height, Beige	Small	This was a lot smaller than I thought it was going to be but now looking back at the description I see it is the small version. Seems kind of spendy for this size of a garbage can that's why it threw me off. Anyway It's the perfect size for a little bedroom garbage under a desk, or next to a sewing machine like my wife uses it for. If you have a lot of paper, or larger size things you need to throw away you're probably better off finding a full size dumpster, cause this thing is tiny, but for things like bits of string and candy wrappers, this is the garbage you need!
1282	B0000E2OAT	R210M3NH69RX5T	simplehuman Rectangular Step Trash Can, Fingerprint-Proof Brushed Stainless Steel, 50 Liters /13 Gallons	Expensive garbage can	I love this garbage can and it looks great in my kitchen however it is quite expensive. Also, garbage bags are hard to fit but you kind of get used to stretching them.
1283	B000RIVT3C	R132LA1XI7OSI3	Sterilite? White 12 Qt Swing-Top Wastebasket 9 1/2"Dia x 18 3/8&q	fits under a massage table	Neat design, lid swings easily, stable, and fits under a massage bed. I think is well made and easy to use if you need a trash can covered at all times, but easy to open and not noisy.
1284	B000EJVYTS	R2VSQ3WVHFX813	iTouchless Deodorizer Touch-Free Sensor 13-Gallon Automatic Stainless-Steel Trash Can	Great product!	The trash can was a snap to assemble out of the box.  The sensor is very accurate. It will not open if you simply walk by the unit.  Works great.  Plus, it is a 13 gallon bin. Therefore you can buy standard size trash can bags.
1285	B00083HK0M	R3QO150VT9P0MS	Safety 1st Simple Step Diaper Pail	good for first year, now is stinky	This worked great for the first year and was well worth the price.  However, we only ever threw pee diapers in it and took poop diapers outside.  Now after a year, it's starting to get stinky with only pee diapers.  It's also been hot here, which seems to contribute.  I've had friends say that they're fancier, more expensive diaper pails also get stinky after a year or so.
1286	B004LLHEDA	R1XI2RCP5M6A9W	Umbra Skinny Polypropylene Waste Can, Bronze	Great Fit	This can is nice and narrow.  It is 5 in. wide and 9 in. long at the base and 6 1/2 in. wide and 13 1/2 in. long at the top.  It fits into just about any narrow crevice.  If you have a rather small restroom, this is perfect.  It feels sturdy, looks beautiful, and you really can't beat the price.Mine is purple and it is such a lovely, deep, chalky, blue-purple.  The picture is very accurate.  I love it.
1287	B004LLHEDA	R3TA1KYG7X9SSF	Umbra Skinny Polypropylene Waste Can, Bronze	Favorite trash can	Bought 5 in several colors. Great space saver next to the toilets, etc. Thick material. Colors are great.  Would buy more.
1288	B0016L679A	R170RXKR7LXY0P	simplehuman Rectangular Step Trash Can, Brushed Stainless Steel, 38 Liters /10 Gallons	Score another win for simplehuman!	Recently purchased a second home and wanted something beyond the standard plastic trash can. As the proud owner of a simplehuman butterfly trash can I knew where to look. Simplehuman came through again with another perfect product; convenient size, great price and looks great. Love the ease of replacing bags with a standard 10gal. As a fan would definitely recommend.
1289	B0044V7GMG	R90I61T4BZOAB	Suncast GHW1732 Resin Wicker Trash Hideaway	Better than expected	I loved the fact that this trash container has a slide lock open and close. We live where the pesky racoons love to get into the garbage and so far they have not been able to get this open. We have it sitting on our deck and it looks very nice.
1290	B00203PSRA	R3QSJJVN3GJFU8	simplehuman Round Step Trash Can, Fingerprint-Proof Brushed Stainless Steel, 4.5-Liter /1.2-Gallon	Great for an unorthodox use	After getting a second cat and discovering the automatic litterboxes are pretty much useless, we switched back to regular scooping. I ordered this gallon size trash can to hold the waste without having to use excess trash bags every time - my MIL uses an old litter pail, but I've never liked that solution since it can get nasty. I originally looked at diaper pails, but they were about twice the cost (I got this for $20 with Prime shipping). So far this has been great. There's a removable plastic insert which we line with a trash bag, and the lid fits quite well, so to date I have not noticed any extra odor when it is shut. It also has a 10 year warranty which floored me, since I've never even heard of a warranty on a trash can. The step peddle is a bit small but then again the whole thing is kind of small, but it suits our purposes perfectly since you don't want a huge amount of this stuff sitting around. So it might be a little overkill for an office or bedroom, but if you want to reduce trash bag numbers and need to prevent solid waste from stinking up your house, give this trash can a look.
1291	B000EJVYTS	R1IJZZPFDM2BSN	iTouchless Deodorizer Touch-Free Sensor 13-Gallon Automatic Stainless-Steel Trash Can	13 gal touchless	Buyer Beware-The engineering is just terrible. The plastic gear that operates the lid is too small and broke early on, The battery compartment opens to the trash hence when the battery lid fails the lid and the batteries go out with the trash. Touchless sent me a new battery lid(10$ plus 4$ shipping) it smartly went out with the trash as well. After juryrigging the battery compartment with tape it worked for one more day then gave up the ghost and died. I now have a 100$ toy that doesn't work and only did work for a total of 8 weeks.
1292	B000EJVYTS	R30KCQA5OUFMR3	iTouchless Deodorizer Touch-Free Sensor 13-Gallon Automatic Stainless-Steel Trash Can	Junk	What a load of trash. Save your money on this item. I was looking for an trash can that had a smaller profile but could still hold my trash without changing bags every two days. Pulls the lid would open without the need to touch the lid. Placed batteries in the unit and they were topped out in a week. Found a power cord that worked for another week. Now it will nolonger raise it's lid no matter what I do. Great idea, too bad it did not function as expected.
1293	B000EJVYTS	R27G5B5SVU1QP3	iTouchless Deodorizer Touch-Free Sensor 13-Gallon Automatic Stainless-Steel Trash Can	Finally,the PERFECT trash can-in every model,in every way !!!	I first purchased the 8 gallon plastic model and it was amazing in every way.Never again would I have trouble wiping off a dinner plate or drippy leftovers having to somehow manipulate the poorly designed (but good effort) lids on every trash can ever made.No foot pedal to jerk around with,no more ugly bag hanging over,just move over the perfectly measured and designed lid and voila,the best part of the meal is here! Yes,that's how beautiful this invention is and works.So I decided to pass this model on to my mom and go for the 13 gallon stainless steel model.While the lid is slightly smaller than the plastic model,on account of the sleek "wall hugger space saver"design,which required a little better aim til I got used to it,I was even more pleased with the beauty of the unit and overall I was happy with my decision.But don't get me wrong, the 8 gallon plastic model works just as well and is a sharp little trashcan,as far as trash cans go.Both trashcans are lightning fast.As fast as you can put your hand in front of the lid,bang,it pops right up.It stays up til you're done,move away and boom,it pops down.It's quiet enough.Nice little whirling sound.It has an on/off button on the back,in case kids wanna play around with it,or around it. Worse comes to worse you can take out the 6 "D"batteries that should last for years if the kiddies figure out the on/off button.But that's unlikely.It has a "stay open" button as well,for those busy occassions.AND, they both stay as clean as you choose to keep them because it's so easy to "hit the mark" every time! It has a "ring",which tightly and neatly holds down any type of bag and hides the overlap very cleverly so it doesn't get soiled( BE CAREFUL NOT TO FORGET TO REMOVE THE RING WHEN CLOSING THE FULL BAG, OR OUT WITH THE BAG TO THE STREET IT WILL GO!!!). Just a wipe on the top now and then for dust.The design allows you to make the most of each and every garbage bag.No more half full ,wasted bags.Every inch of the bag is used and when it's ready to go there's just the right amount of overhang to close it up. AMAZING!EVERY household should have one of these.It is truly a thing of the future, here TODAY!
1294	B004L9L42O	R2A4J3RIVL9VDL	simplehuman 40-Liter Slim Plastic Step Can, Black	Great step can	This was purchased as a gift for my parents.  Their dog likes to sneak into the trash, so the locking feature really helps. (The dog has given up after multiple attempts.) We were all amazed by how slender the can is. It doesn't take up much space in the kitchen.  On the other hand, it holds quite a bit of rubbish.  Glad we made this purchase.
1295	B0031M9HJ4	R2WZ6USKFGUHYI	Nine Stars DZT-50-9 Infrared Touchless Stainless Steel Trash Can, 13.2-Gallon	Excellent for the first year	I received this as a Christmas present last year (let's not get distracted by the awesomeness of my family's gift giving ideas).  10 months later we had to toss it in the trash.  The motor just pooped out.  We tried cleaning the gears in the back on several occasions, but it never improved.  I recommend you get a foot operated garbage can and avoid the touchless.  While this garbage can is awesome in the beginning, it just doesn't stand the test of time.  It's really a waste of money.  In fact, the reason I am writing this review is because I am looking for a replacement can.
1296	B0031M9H30	R1ECTH7549HXYX	Nine Stars Trash Can/Recycler, Infrared Touchless Automatic Motion Sensor Lid, Stainless Steel, 18.5-Gallon	Cool garbage can	Very sharp looking garbage can. Easy to change bags. I love the motion sensor open feature. It has become quite the conversation piece when company is over. Price is also a big plus.
1297	B0031M9HJ4	RX37BBBZFHXZO	Nine Stars DZT-50-9 Infrared Touchless Stainless Steel Trash Can, 13.2-Gallon	Best investment yet.. I couldn't be happier	I purchased this can in August 2011, I am still on the batteries that came with this. I love this can. It blocks all odors and I love the look and functionality of this can. I work in the Healthcare field and all my friends and co-workers are amazed at the automatic lid. I would most definitely recommend this to anyone.
1298	B0031M9H3A	R2Q9G0LU16OMDL	Nine Stars Touchless Automatic Motion Sensor Trash Can, Set of 2	Skipping around about a garbage can!	I'm really happy with this purchase! The kitchen can is great and similar items at other retailers sell for like over hundred dollars!  The small trashcan is just so so, trash bags/liners don't fit real cleanly in there. But I just consider that a bonus anyway!  I purchased over a month ago and they seem to function just fine for me.
1299	B000EJVYTS	R1GESVGV40PO5Y	iTouchless Deodorizer Touch-Free Sensor 13-Gallon Automatic Stainless-Steel Trash Can	Great trash can!	I love my new trash can and so does everyone who sees it at work!  The only drawback was that the retainer ring that was sent did not fit.  Also, be sure that nothing obstructs the way of the sensor or it will stay open.  Shadows even keep it open.  Great quality and it looks great!
3250	B0031M9HJ4	R3Q1O1EIS9CBWT	Nine Stars DZT-50-9 Infrared Touchless Stainless Steel Trash Can, 13.2-Gallon	Touchless Stainless Steel Trash	I recently purchased the can to replace a platic step on container.  This can is great for its value.  It holds more than my previous 13 gallon trash can and contains the odor well.  Where you place the trash can is important.  If you place it in a area where you walk by it often the the sensor is affected and it will open consistently.  Other than that, so far I continue to find new ways to use the can for my use.
3251	B0015YJ9WA	R1DUW6L4LJAG5I	simplehuman Profile Step Trash Can, Brushed Stainless Steel, 10 Liters / 2.6 Gallons	fits grocery bags well	although it was a little smaller than I thought it would be, it is the perfect size for using plastic grocery bags.I like the look of it and functionalitymy only complaint is that the foot pedal appeared a little mangled around the rim.  I have no idea how it even could have happened- it couldn't have been done in shipping.  You can't really see it and I don't feel like paying return shipping to fix this, but this was a pretty expensive trash can and I suppose I just expected the best quality for the price I was paying.
3252	B0031M9H3A	R12YOYO9WVUCA6	Nine Stars Touchless Automatic Motion Sensor Trash Can, Set of 2	Broke within 3 months	This product is really attractive, basically easy to use, but used up batteries very fast and now is broken.  Don't really know why it broke, replaced the batteries and it just wasn't working.  The sensor or something else?  Frustrated cause I can't return it now... a total loss.
3253	B000EJVYTS	RT4ZH09RFKSR0	iTouchless Deodorizer Touch-Free Sensor 13-Gallon Automatic Stainless-Steel Trash Can	works except for one annoying thing	I decided to try this because our previous sensor trashcan stopped working and this seemed to get good reviews.It generally works as described - the main annoying thing (which gives my wife ammo to go back to regular trashcan) is it appears to have a 15-20 second after use pause so if you put something in, and immediately want to throw something else away, you either have to wait what seems like forever, or open it by hand.my previous sensor can would immediately open again if I went to it again - within 1-3 seconds.
3254	B0031M9H3A	R3NNKACHEU3GGS	Nine Stars Touchless Automatic Motion Sensor Trash Can, Set of 2	Love it!!!	Love it! So much better than any others I have had! Only problem when you walk too close to it, it will open!
3255	B004L9L42O	R2Q59SB28WJXF9	simplehuman 40-Liter Slim Plastic Step Can, Black	NOT a dog-proof design	My 4 year old dog has decided getting in the trash is fun. I tell him these are behaviors we are supposed to outgrow and not start anew as he gets older and wiser, but alas he does not agree.I purchased this trashcan for the sole reason that it is locking and claims to be child and pet proof. I also checked several reviews and many dog owners agree it works. I disagree!The "lock" on this is VERY EASY to get around. My dog can flip the lid open even when it is locked without much trouble - it's not like he has to pull the trashcan out, flip it over, and wrestle around before it opens. Nope, he does a flip of the head and bam it opens as if not locked at all. After three times of picking up trash all over the house, I'm going to return it.
3256	B003VWMS5E	R18JPRAHCRIP5L	simplehuman 50L-Liter / 13-Gallon Semi-Round Step Trash Can, Black Plastic	Perfect for keeping my toddler out of the trash!	I bought this trash can because it was one of the only options that came up when I searched for trash can with locking lid.  You see, my 15 month old is obsessed with putting good things in the trash and taking bad things out.  We would have to inspect the contents of every trash bag before taking the trash out.I am SO PLEASED with this purchase.  While the lock can be a little difficult to maneuver when you have your hand full of trash, overall it serves its purpose well.  The little mister has tried and cannot open the lid, thus, the bad stuff is staying in and we are no longer finding shoes or cordless phones in the trash can.I ordered the Grey and I am really glad I did.  It looks very nice and not like your typical plastic trash can.I did have to return the first one I ordered.  It had been damaged in shipping and the base can was bent.  Because of that, the lid would not close properly at all.  Amazon was great though - scheduled a pick up with UPS for the defective can and overnighted me a new one.
3257	B0044V7GMG	R2S36Q8OBH30X9	Suncast GHW1732 Resin Wicker Trash Hideaway	Perfect!	We just adopted a puppy and found ourselves needing a puppy-proof large lockable attractive trash can for our deck.  This is it - it's perfect.  It was easy to assemble - 5 minutes max - but do look at the instructions first.  Suncast is clear that parts can be damaged if you don't assemble them correctly and that they aren't responsible if you assemble this wrong.  The trash bin locks in the odors so we haven't had problems with coyotes and other scavengers we have in our canyon being attracted to our deck.  We are very pleased with this purchase.
3258	B001BO76WY	R1A3NCMOI6CE7S	simplehuman Semi-Round Step Trash Can, Fingerprint-Proof Brushed Stainless Steel, 10-Liter /2.6-Gallon	Disappointing	This product is so disappointing, for two reasons.  First, within an hour of using it, I somehow ended up with a crease right down the middle of the lid.  I have no idea how this happened, although it must be from pushing the lid closed.  This introduces the second issue - the lid does not completely close.  I wanted a hands-free trash container that would close after I threw something away, but I have to either close it manually, or wedge my toe under the pedal to get the lid the close.  This product is cheaply made and absolutely not worth the price.
3259	B0031M9H3A	R35YFPI0K6IV88	Nine Stars Touchless Automatic Motion Sensor Trash Can, Set of 2	Cheap, and a waste.	It sounds good on paper, a sensor for you to open and close the trash can so you don't have to touch it.  After a couple of month or so, the sensor is not working at all.  It is a complete waste of a trashcan you are better off getting the old school ones with the foot pedal.  A lot more reliable and you don't have to change the batteries on them.  Look else where this is cheap and worthless.Detail information:The sensor was working fine for about 3 weeks, then after the 5 week it started to open and close on its own.  It seems like a little ghost kid is messing with it.  Then after that it doesn't open or close on its own at all.  You have to manually push the "open" or "close" button to get the lid to do what you want it to do.  I am very disappointed.  Save your money don't get this.
3260	B0031M9HJ4	R16RFQKE5WCO1M	Nine Stars DZT-50-9 Infrared Touchless Stainless Steel Trash Can, 13.2-Gallon	LOVED... for about a month. Very quickly became extremely annoying!	I bought these garbage cans with the hope that my almost 2 year old son would reduce the amount of bacteria he touched. I also was sick of my old trash cans and thought these were a nifty idea. They arrived, were very simple to assemble and were the perfect sizes for the kitchen and the smaller one for the bathroom. I was very happy with myself for finally replacing the cans and especially with these "cool" automatic ones. My son easily learned how to use them and I will say they held up to a lot of abuse! HOWEVER... the sensor is WAY OVERLY SENSITIVE!!! Anytime I would use the bathroom, the trash can would open and close NON STOP. It got to the point where I had to cover the sensor with a towel, and sometimes that did not even stop the incessant open and closing of the lid!!There was a previous reviewer who pointed out something I thought nothing of at the time that I read it, but after having this thing in my home- I feel I should repeat it and urge anyone reading this to pay attention!! This can comes with a ring that hides the trash bag to make it look neater. The problem, is that this ring is smaller in circumstance then the base of the trash can. In other words, the whole ring must be disassembled every time you take the trash out, and then reassembled every time the new liner goes in. For me, this was at least once a day. Most of the time two or three! That alone added 10 more minuets to taking out the trash.In conclusion, after about 6 months of living with these over sensitive, quite annoying trash cans- I felt I couldn't take it anymore! I was not alone in my thinking, as one day while walking through the isles of Bed Bath & Beyond with someone who spends a lot of time at my home suddenly just blurted out, "I am buying you new trash cans! I can't stand those hyper sensitive, crazy things you have with a mind of their own!" Initially, I was slightly shocked, but then began to laugh very hard. All I said was "Thank you". Now those automatic trash bins have joined my other "stuff" that hasn't worked out in my basement. Until I find someone who needs a temporary trash bin, or someone I dislike very much, it is there they will stay!!My recommendation- PASS ON THESE, THEY'RE A BIGGER HEADACHE THEN THEY'RE WORTH!
3261	B00083HK0M	R3BKYJXS9IB4IQ	Safety 1st Simple Step Diaper Pail	Great for adult Depends disposal	I bought this for my elderly father to dispose of his male guards during the day.  This is far better than putting them in a garbage can in the bathroom because the lid contains the smell of urine.  It is just the right size to use grocery plastic bags over the edge on the inside so emptying is quick by pulling the bag out and tying the ends.  The foot lift feature works but isn't necessary as the top lifts easily.  I am very pleased with my purchase.  No more urine smell in the bathroom area!
3262	B0031M9H3A	R3HB4SNP87GUH9	Nine Stars Touchless Automatic Motion Sensor Trash Can, Set of 2	Great price for both.	I've always wanted a stainless steel trash can but always found them too overpriced. I'm happy I found these. Works well and batteries don't run out too fast. Batteries not included. Easy to clean. Motion sensor works really good. Arrived fast and undamaged. I'm very happy with this purchase.
3263	B00006IALF	R2EXF7G1UIGSH2	Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket, 11-1/2 diameter x 14-1/4h, black	Perfect.	This basket is sturdy and well made.  I use it for recyclable paper so I empty it over and over again.  It's light and easy to handle and very well made.
3264	B000EJVYTS	R2IFQFOMJ3K8WG	iTouchless Deodorizer Touch-Free Sensor 13-Gallon Automatic Stainless-Steel Trash Can	iTouchless stainless steel hands-free 13 gallon infrared automatic trash can	I have had an iTouchless automatic trash can for 4 years now and love it...you don't have to lift the lid or have an open top trash container in the house.  Last week the hinge to open the trash can finally gave out and broke.  Immediately I ordered another one...boy was I lost until the new one arrived.  I would highly recommend this trash can to everyone.  Thanks iTouchless!  And the shipping was really fast from Amazon...had the trash can in 3 days.  You can definitely trust Amazon to stand behind the products they sell and for fast shipping.
3265	B00006IALF	RTSZRR0PAI2XX	Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket, 11-1/2 diameter x 14-1/4h, black	It's a wastebasket....	It collects my refuse without so much as an utterance.  It merely sits there..........staring back at me...............almost daring me to go another week without emptying it.  Let's see your tone next week wastebasket!
3266	B00030L5HY	R3HFJ3JQF8WJ1O	Rubbermaid Commercial Soft Molded Plastic 10.25-Gallon Trash Can, Rectangular, Black	Yep, It's a Trash Holder	I have three of this trash bin.  I use one for trash, one for laundry, and one for recycle ay my home Yoga.  They are large enough for this type of moderate use, yet not too big.  They clean easily.  Just what you would expect and as they appear in the photo.
3267	B000EJVYTS	R35734YO7KS8V8	iTouchless Deodorizer Touch-Free Sensor 13-Gallon Automatic Stainless-Steel Trash Can	Just What I've Always Needed	I have a cat who likes to chew on the plastic bags hanging over the top of the trash can.  My other cat likes to knock the trashcan over to find (among other things) the cat food can.  And the fact I have the cans in there means the trash starts smelling almost immediately.  This trash can solves both problems.  The bag is contained within the trash can and the deodorizer really takes care of the smell.  Since the cats don't smell the food they don't get into the can.  Once the cats got used to the lid closing automatically (which I love) they don't run away when it does close.  Really great product
3268	B00203PSRA	R5OODE7283YS5	simplehuman Round Step Trash Can, Fingerprint-Proof Brushed Stainless Steel, 4.5-Liter /1.2-Gallon	It s Ok, but the picture is misleading.	it is a nice trash can. received in good condition. but i didn't get what i expected. the description of the item wasn't explicit enough. The fine letters of the size were not easy to spot. The picture makes it look much bigger than it s actually is. I had to use it in my bathroom instead !
3269	B0031M9H30	R1BBJX2RBRZLKK	Nine Stars Trash Can/Recycler, Infrared Touchless Automatic Motion Sensor Lid, Stainless Steel, 18.5-Gallon	Great alternative to SimpleHuman	I'd been shopping for about two years for a good-looking, stainless steel trash bin with two compartments.  The $200 price tag for a comparable product from SimpleHuman was too much for me to stomach.  This one is way better: it was less than half the price and I think the compartments are actually slightly larger.  The big difference is the individual compartments on this product have no inner bin; the SimpleHuman product has two removable inner bins.  I could foresee a slight inconvenience trying to clean the nine stars product, but I don't overstuff my trash bags and so I don't need to clean out my waste bin that often.I have no complaints about the sensor (see other reviews - seems to be a persistent issue), but I've had the product for only about a month and a half.
3270	B000EJVYTS	RHJ8NLFGNUQQS	iTouchless Deodorizer Touch-Free Sensor 13-Gallon Automatic Stainless-Steel Trash Can	Great in theory, annoying in practice	We thought this would be a great product, but the infrared sensor can't distinguish between a pair of hands with trash for the bin from somebody walking by the can. As a result, we were constantly setting the thing off inadvertantly, and the sound of the lid going up got to be a bit of a joke. Sometimes it would raise the lid for no apparent reason. Sometimes it refused to open, so we had to pause with the trash in hand, until it decided to oblige us. Or worse, when we had several small handfuls to deposit into the bin, it would close right before we tossed the next load in, necessitating a time-consuming cleanup.Eventually we turned off the bloody infrared sensor, and now manually raise and close the lid. I'd like to return it, but the dents I put in the side from kicking the thing when it refused to cooperate kind of makes that an unlikely scenario. Until they allow the user to adjust the sensitivity of the sensor, or make one that is psychically connected with the user, save yourself the frustration and go with one of the pedal cans.
3271	B000EJVYTS	RV3RW4PUPCUGH	iTouchless Deodorizer Touch-Free Sensor 13-Gallon Automatic Stainless-Steel Trash Can	Nice trash can	I really like this trash can.  The lid is wide and deep enough when it opens.  The only thing that can be annoying is it opens when you walk by - I would like to be able to adjust the sensor.
3272	B0002XD08Y	RQDM2RXYEGWOD	simplehuman Under-Counter Pull Out Can, 30 Liters / 8 Gallons	well built	I have owned others like this, but none work as well.  It slides effortlessly, it stays where you leave it, it seems well built... overbuilt!  I love it.  If I had any complaint, it would be that it does not come out quite far enough.  If you have a cabinet with a drawer above it (as most kitched cabinets do), when you pull it out to take out the barrel (ie to change the bag) it does not lift out without some strange angles to clear the drawer face above.  This sometimes results in some garbage on the floor if the barrel is too full.  another half and inch of range and it would be fine.  overall a pleasure.
3273	B0031M9H3A	R2NMDNK5JNIKNF	Nine Stars Touchless Automatic Motion Sensor Trash Can, Set of 2	can't be beat	I really love this product...I bought the larger can years ago for much more than the price of the 2 cans from amazon. The only difference is this can takes 3 C cell batteries instead of 4 D batteries.  Very please with both products.
3274	B0044V7GMG	R353DJZ6YEYESI	Suncast GHW1732 Resin Wicker Trash Hideaway	Suncast Wicker Trash Hideway	Good Strong ProductMy wife bought this for the inground pool area.Easy to put together, BUT  follow the DIRECTIONS CAREFULLY  !!,so you do not damage it. It went together fast.RonDover, Pa
3275	B000BQWLE6	R1KV01SDN9KNYZ	Hopkins TRASH-BLA Pop Up Trash Can	Not useful	No top closure and almost no mounting options mean this thing constantly dumps its contents.  I don't use mine and would not buy again.
3276	B000EJVYTS	R3BMW322Q5QP2U	iTouchless Deodorizer Touch-Free Sensor 13-Gallon Automatic Stainless-Steel Trash Can	Seems like a solid product..	I have been using this trash can in my kitchen for about a month now and I couldn't be happier.  Looks solid and durable, not flimsy and cheap.  It's easy to put the bags in and out. I am certainly not going back to the messy and unattrative manual trash cans after this one.
3277	B0002XD08Y	R2FPP8130LTHUE	simplehuman Under-Counter Pull Out Can, 30 Liters / 8 Gallons	Works great and doesnt stink up the kitchen	Installed about two weeks ago.  Well made/durable product.  Easy to instal.  Slides in and out smoothly and with little effort.  My biggest concern was that it was going to stink up the kitchen due to the fact that there's no cover, but it hasnt done so.  Being that they're four adults and two kids in my house, we change it daily which im sure helps.  My only complaint is that although the recommended size K, Simplehuman trash bags fit snugly around the can, they are much longer than needed.  When the can is full of trash and I remove the bag, the bag is only a little less than 3/4's full.  Feel like Im waisting money on the bags which is why im back on here looking to see what other bags have been recommended in the reviews.  I still like the system though and would definitely recommend it to a friend!
3278	B0031M9H3A	R5EMEJHQA8E7M	Nine Stars Touchless Automatic Motion Sensor Trash Can, Set of 2	Love it!	Product works great. The free small trash can works even better than the large one! Love it, Love it, Love it!
3279	B0031M9HIA	R297U3CN2GGHRU	Nine Stars DZT-80-4 Infrared Touchless Stainless Steel Trash Can, 21.1-Gallon	The best trash bin EVER	This is the best trash bin I ever brought and I have been married for 30 years. It not only is the best working trash bin on the market, it's a great conversation piece. I have purchased one each for my parents and in-laws for Christmas gifts and in turn they have purchase one for each of thier kids for Christmas gifts.  Highly recommendable....
3280	B00006IALF	RXNZGT8TIYKB0	Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket, 11-1/2 diameter x 14-1/4h, black	Sturdy	I purchased this wastebasket for my office.  I tend to put my foot/feet on the edge of wastebaskets and the rubber ones do not hold up.  This wastebasket is working perfectly.  I love it!!!
3281	B000EJVYTS	R3C3FE9Y9B612P	iTouchless Deodorizer Touch-Free Sensor 13-Gallon Automatic Stainless-Steel Trash Can	Wish I had purchased this trash can sooner	This trash can replaced a foot pedal one, which didn't work as well as I had hoped.  Love the iTouchless.  It is so handy when your hands are full and you need an extra hand to open the trash can lid.  I had some reservations based on previous reviews, but my experiences with this product over the last 2 months have all been good.  If you are thinking about purchasing it, DON'T WAIT!
3282	B000I12GXA	RLG5NGE7MYX3B	Trash Stash Car Litter Bag (Black) (9"x 7"x 10")	I bought two!	Bought one of these for my husband's car and once we were using it on car trips I decided I needed one for my car.  Plenty big and I love that it snaps shut to keep the trash in!
3283	B000EJVYTS	R1ETNNH55HXWUJ	iTouchless Deodorizer Touch-Free Sensor 13-Gallon Automatic Stainless-Steel Trash Can	Great trash can, works flawlessly.	I've had this trash can for about 8 months now and have not had a problem with the mechanism or the sensor. It holds a regular kitchen trash bag and as long as you keep it compacted will fill it to about 75% of capacity. Very good product, would recommend to everyone.
3284	B0044V7GMG	R2HCJ6E08G6NQC	Suncast GHW1732 Resin Wicker Trash Hideaway	Like it	I like that I can lock it on top.  I live in countryso I was a little worried about animals.  So farso good
3285	B003VWMS5E	R1ZX2S5KE86S5T	simplehuman 50L-Liter / 13-Gallon Semi-Round Step Trash Can, Black Plastic	Great!	The trash can met my expectations. Holds a good amount of trash & the locking feature is wonderful ecspecially with a one year old! The only complaint is the simplehuman trash bags that came with it did work better as far as not sliding when the trash got full & pushed down. Normal trash bags from my local store do work fine but sometimes tend to slide down as the trash can fills & gets pushed down to make more room. Overall a great purchase though!
3286	B00083HK0M	R1FKLMFMTC295L	Safety 1st Simple Step Diaper Pail	Just the right size	We have two in cloth diapers at the moment.  One is wearing mediums, the other smalls, both Bummis.  Because of the layout of our bathroom space is not something we have the luxury of.  We have one diaper pail, this one.  It is enough space for a days worth of diapers, which is all we need.Even before we had our daughter, I washed my son's diapers daily.  One load a day takes care of both babies needs, and I don't have a ton of diapers hanging out.For the way that we use this pail it works out very well.  I do not even need to use the scent basket at all.  Plus we use an Army Issue Laundry Bag, so once I dump the diapers into the washer it goes in also.  Less waste/garbage and no stink.
3287	B002AEOY42	RFOV3LJE0H9B6	simplehuman 4.5-Liter /1.2-Gallon Round Step Trash Can, White Steel	Excellent Small Trash Can for the Bathroom	I have only one small bathroom so we wanted to free up some floor space.  I chose this can only because it was the smallest white can with stainless, but it exceded my expectations.It was my plan to put this between the toilet and sink vanity(a tight fit), however, I didn't take into account for the can lid and toilet tank, so now whenever I push step to open it, the lid will clink the toilet tank. We moved it to the corner after 2 days of 'clinking'. I was debating about returning it and ordering a can without a lid, but we decided that we really this can.I honestly was suprised at how perfect this can looked, and is constructed... Now it just needs a few knicks or scratches so it will match the rest of the house!UPDATE: I noticed a few reviewers are worried that the can may be break because of a plastic piece, even though I didn't see anybody actually SAY that it DID break... The can is covered by a TEN YEAR WARRANTY from Simplehuman.
3288	B0031M9H3A	R1K94O238ZMOK9	Nine Stars Touchless Automatic Motion Sensor Trash Can, Set of 2	Missing Part and Change of manual	Actually, I never use this trash can because inner basket was missing when I openedOn the manual clearly showing the picture of inner trash baskets of big one and small one.I called the manufactre for this matter but the one answered phone wanted me to send fax of the manual.so, I just return items and requst for new one.Amazon.com send me new one right way but still missing inner bucket of big trash can and this time with new manual hadno picture of inner basket of big one.I don't like this kind of business practic.  I return them and get refunded.
3289	B000EJVYTS	R2BKYP0X75AUSB	iTouchless Deodorizer Touch-Free Sensor 13-Gallon Automatic Stainless-Steel Trash Can	Will never go back to a regular trash can again...	This is my second iTouchless Automatic trash can.  The first machine I had for over 2 years (which is longer than I used to keep a regular waste can).  It performed seamlessly until one of the plastic components in the opening mechanism broke.  I still can't blame it on the machine however, it may have been one of my kids.  Anyway, the location where I keep the trash can in my kitchen is an awkward area where a step-type can isn't easy to use.  I had wanted a stainless steel can for years, but they were so expensive I held off buying one, and I'm glad I did, because when I came across the iTouchless I was amazed.  You just wave your hand about 5 inches from the lid and it magically opens for you to deposit the waste.  Unfortunately mine is located right by an area where people pass by and the lid opens to greet them as they pass.  The kids love it!  Battery life is great; I change them maybe once a year.  I keep it clean by wiping periodically with Windex.  I wash out the inside of the can as needed.  Be sure to thoroughly dry it or you may get rust.  The trash bag is kept hidden by the inner ring; and I've had no problems with mine as others have reported.  Overall it's a superb trash can at a reasonable price.
3290	B003VWMS5E	R201IGR6JFDOKV	simplehuman 50L-Liter / 13-Gallon Semi-Round Step Trash Can, Black Plastic	Nothing wrong with this!	Love:-This can be set against the wall because of it's half-circle shape-When you open it (using foot), it slowly closes and therefore doesn't slam or make any noises when fully closing-All of the pieces are sturdy/durable.  Not cheap-like.If only I could find this exact one in a stainless steel casing. Then it would be perfect!
3291	B00083HK0M	R1T5KYT2KRK0VE	Safety 1st Simple Step Diaper Pail	Forget all of those expensive diaper pails	This has to be one of the best purchases we made for the new baby.  We bought 2, one for the living room and one for our bedroom.  You can stick odor controllers in the top, the top seals on real tight, and most of all - you don't need to be special trash bags, you can just use grocery bags to line them.  This is a must-have for any new mom who doesn't want their entire house smelling like baby poo.
3292	B0044V7GMG	R3ACWZUZ30WMXZ	Suncast GHW1732 Resin Wicker Trash Hideaway	Great so far.	This was purchased for our deck.  It sits under a canopy so gets indirect rain.  The plastic seems a little thin, but when you put it together it is sturdy enough.  It fit well when assembled.  I like the fact that the lid has a latch.  So far we have not had the lid fly open during storms, and we get windy storms here.  Also, the inside has stayed dry when the unit has gotten wet.  We have not had any critters manage to get in it yet.  Overall great purchase for the price.
3293	B003VWMS5E	RXC7WREWE2DNH	simplehuman 50L-Liter / 13-Gallon Semi-Round Step Trash Can, Black Plastic	Average	Not worth the money, gets stuck closing on occasion, also not flat in back so can not sit flush against a wall.
3294	B000EJVYTS	R1HK7VCBACD0CD	iTouchless Deodorizer Touch-Free Sensor 13-Gallon Automatic Stainless-Steel Trash Can	Perfect Trash Can (two months and counting)	My wife and I have had difficulties finding a trash can that was worth the $50-100 we were paying. We tried the ones with levers at the bottom for the lid, but the internal wire was never strong enough to last very long and in the process it would tear the trash bag when we were taking it out. The iTouchless (13 gallon) solved those problems for us, and after two months we think it's the perfect trash can.Before we purchased the iTouchless we read a few reviews. My wife was concerned that the can itself would be too weak, since one of the reviews said it dents easily. I don't know what that reviewer was doing with his/her can, but it is definitely strong enough (i.e., as strong as any other metal trash can in the price range) and unless you are throwing rocks at it, I can't see how it would get dented. Another review mentioned issues with the lid. We have had absolutely no problems with it; the two buttons make it easy to keep open when you need, and if you're not using it you can turn it off in the back, which is also very accessible.As for the reviews that mention the plastic cracking, I have not seen any cracks on the plastic rim. It is pretty solid plastic, so unless you are trying to bend it when pulling the trash bags out, I can't see how it would crack and break. However, we haven't owned this for a year or more, which might explain both the cracks and dents(?) by the other reviewers.Let's face it, for whatever reason, good trash cans are expensive (as much as $500). So to find a trash can at this price which works this well is really a good deal.
3295	B00006IALF	RT4UUXSLPAHTN	Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket, 11-1/2 diameter x 14-1/4h, black	Excellent	Very nice product, highly recommend it to others. 5 stars all the way.Totally worth the 10 bucks! Love it.
3296	B000BQWLE6	RSRWOHAY7194C	Hopkins TRASH-BLA Pop Up Trash Can	Too small	I had one of these for our minivan that was about 2 gallon in size. This one is about a quart size. I should have read the description better. I returned for refund.
3297	B000EJVYTS	R2ADHRTECJUHSK	iTouchless Deodorizer Touch-Free Sensor 13-Gallon Automatic Stainless-Steel Trash Can	New incentive!	I cannot live without this garbage can!  My grandson's like to help it close so have broken two cans. New deal:  they will give me the new purchase price from their toy money. So far, that has their attention!
3298	B0000E2OAS	R2ERDIZD278FCW	simplehuman Round Step Trash Can, Fingerprint-Proof Brushed Stainless Steel, 30 Liters /8 Gallons	Good enough	I have had this trash can for 3 years, and it's still going strong. The pedal has not failed. There are no dents. I have a small galley kitchen, and the trash can fits perfectly without taking up the whole kitchen yet it's large enough for my roommate and me to use daily for all of our trash (not just kitchen trash), except bathroom trash and recyclables. I end up emptying the trash can about every 3 days or so. I use 13 gallon trash bags (regular drawstring kind, not Simplehuman trash bags) and I think they fit really well. I like how the round trash can molds my trash into a round shape so it'll fit down my apartment building's trash chute much more easily. I'm not a fan of spending too much for a trash can, but this was the only one at the store that fit but was still large enough to hold sufficient amount of trash, had hands-free operation, and was stainless steel. I wanted stainless steel to keep smells contained. I can't smell any trash when the can is closed. Maybe if I put my nose right up to it, it would? My pets can smell trash through the can though, so I guess it's not smell-proof. But I'm assuming it's still better than plastic. I'm taking a star off because nothing's perfect and it's expensive for a trash can. And really it's just a trash can. It does its job, but nothing more.
3299	B000EJVYTS	R39OSNXLB99YJN	iTouchless Deodorizer Touch-Free Sensor 13-Gallon Automatic Stainless-Steel Trash Can	Best trash can ever	I've had this about six months and not one major issue. Some reviews say it's too sensetive but I haven't seen this, it's probably more to do with the location and traffic. I wish they made one that could detect and open in one hundredth of a second so it would open when I toss something from across the room, but for walking over and dropping it in it's great.
