1300	B004G5TQIM	R320PEWSDPJFXH	Hoover Windtunnel Air Bagless Upright, UH70400	Excellent	For the price it is powerful, light-weight, and easy to assemble to clean and use hose implements.  I'm very impressed.  Thanks.
1301	B002HFA5F6	R3970N5DDOP8PV	Hoover WindTunnel T-Series Pet Rewind Plus Upright Vacuum, Bagless, UH70210	great vacuum, great price	Great vacuum, picks up pet hair great. I have 2 dogs and 2 cats and a toddler and my floors are cleaner than ever! Dirt container is a little small, but I don't mind emptying more often cause the thing works great. Got mine for only $99 at Costco, good deal!
1302	B001PB8EEM	R18VFAKA5BP62O	Hoover Platinum Lightweight Upright Vacuum with Canister, Bagged, UH30010COM	Hoover Platinum Upright	I have had my new Hoover for nearly a month now and I am very happy with it!  The quality is superior to my last vacuum and using it is a pleasure.  The canister is also perfect for my needs (stairs and cobwebs) and super powerful.  I am glad I didn't buy the Oreck at Costco...plus I can get the Hoover bags at almost any store.
1303	B002IPHBNE	R3VLVWZSYSOJRP	Shark Navigator Upright Bagless Vacuum Cleaner, NV22L	Never a Better Vacuum	Let me tell you.  I've had this Vacuum Cleaner for over a year and not One Complaint.  It's lightweight, and still works like a charm.  I have two shedding dogs and the dirt and hair just gets sucked up with no problem. . .. As long as I clean the pads & canister around every 2 months, it keeps on sucking up dirt!!!FINALLY. . . a Vacuum Cleaner that is lightweight that WORKS!!!
1304	B003A2IDMC	R1IT0XCP97PIKL	Hoover FloorMate SpinScrub Wet/Dry Vacuum, FH40010B	Love it!	I have a house full of hardwood and laminate floors, and have been desperately seeking an easy, effective machine to do the job. I've finally found it in the Hoover floormate!  It really cleans, and leaves my floors streak free. I'm in love...
1305	B002HFDLCK	R1ZF7GIKYMVJWL	Hoover WindTunnel T-Series Rewind Upright Vacuum, Bagless, UH70120	Easy fix for no suction	I bought this vacuum which had largely good reviews, but a ton of bad reviews related to a lack of suction.  Within 2 months of light use, I fell victim to the 'no suction' syndrome.  However, after waiting on hold for 15 min with Hoover was connected to the service group who helped me with an easy trouble shoot.  The hose was clogged pretty badly.  The solution is to remove the hose completely from the vacuum and stick a broom stick through it until you get everything out.  Unhook one end as you normally would to use the extension arm, then the other end simply needs to be twisted off.  Poor design I suppose as perhaps too many bends for dirt to navigate??? Either way, this may not be your solution, but it did fix the issue I was having in one minute. Good luck. (my rating assumes the solution above sticks)
1306	B005ZGJ9JM	R192XJ6OV9B9Q	Dirt Devil FeatherLite Cyclonic Canister Vacuum, SD40100	Powerful for its size	I am very happy with its performance.  Powerful for its size.  Has the right accessories to get into corners and crevices. I bought it for my mom's apartment.  Her housekeeper comes every other week, the dirt devil is great in between.  I do recommend it for an apartment space rather than for a large house, because the canister would need to be empty several times.  It is ideal for a quick refresh though, no matter what your square footage is.  Highly recommend it.
1307	B000F8EUFI	R2H2TZXYXHHZLL	Dirt Devil Dynamite Bagless Upright with On-Board Tools - M084650RED	not what i thought.	7 amp not 12 very loud and winy not powered hard to push very short cord bagless cup needs to be emptied every room or so that was the cons-pros are cheep- small-suction-maybe something else but i will update later my opinion don't buy this go to the upgrade there is 4 others that must be a better choice for 10.00 more go for the extra or you will be disappointed good luck.
1308	B003EQ4710	R2GXXI8JB1CDTW	Hoover WindTunnel T-Series Pet Upright Vacuum, Bagged, UH30310	Does exactly what I want it to do!	I researched carefully before purchasing this vacuum several months ago. I'm not sure what may have caused the problems for some of the low ratings; I only know that I like this machine.  I will not rave about it because it's a vacuum cleaner...that's all. It does what it's built to do; it's much lighter in weight than my old Eureka Boss that died last year; and it has tremendous suction power. I'll take a bagged vac any day of the week because there's no proven way to empty the dust cup of a bagless vac without getting a lot of the stuff right back into your home.  It doesn't matter if you pay several hundred dollars for an overpriced Dyson or a hundred for an inexpensive Hoover, Bissell, Eureka, Kenmore or whatever bagless machine.  You still have that dust cup problem.  I like being able to remove the bag, put it in the trash, put in a new bag and go on from there...with little dust getting away. I have 2 cats so hair is always a problem.  This vac picks it all up and darned well.  The pet-paw with it's suction-powered rotating blade does a great job on upholstery.  The only negative I can think of is the awful upholstery "brush."  It's not a brush but has a rubber blade instead that doesn't seem to do much that I can see.  Since I have an old-fashioned brush from a discarded vac, I use it (it fits on the hose wand just fine) and get much better results.  That's really a very small quibble. For a solid, workmanlike vacuum you can hardly do better than this one.
1309	B002HFDLCK	R3IK6L2LME1NAY	Hoover WindTunnel T-Series Rewind Upright Vacuum, Bagless, UH70120	We Love this Vacuum	We shopped around for a while before making the decision to buy. Our price rage was less than $120, and this was the best option that we found. Every one of the attachements work great, and it is easy to empty and clean. Great suction power.Spring the extra $$ to get the auto retracting cord that this model includes. It makes the closet seem so much cleaner.I would reccomend this product to a friend.
1310	B001PB8EEM	R2IXEU98WT1TS1	Hoover Platinum Lightweight Upright Vacuum with Canister, Bagged, UH30010COM	UH30010com- If you have deep pile carpet this vacuum will not work.	I just received vacuum today and was shocked at not being able to run the vacuum cleaner on deep pile carpeting.  It left deep grooves on carpet.  Very disappointed with this vacuum.
1311	B002HFDLCK	R27KO2237QVQHU	Hoover WindTunnel T-Series Rewind Upright Vacuum, Bagless, UH70120	"VERY GOOD" Vacuum at a "GOOD" Vacuum price	I bought a VERY inexpensive vacuum when I moved into my new apartment in June 2007, I only intended to use it for a for a year or so, till I could afford a better one. Needless to say, here I was, almost 4 years later and still no new vac, I looked at other vacuums and was beginning to think that a "GOOD" was going to end up costing more than I wanted to spend for "GOOD" vacuum.  See I have 2 cats and 1 of them is long haired, a Maine Coon.  He's a gorgeous cat, but, he sheds something aweful.  Well, I had seen the commercials for the "Hoover Rewind" vacuums.  I saw one at Wal-mart, but it was still priced a little more than my budget was telling me I could spend for a vacuum.  Enter Amazon.com and I came across this one.  After reading a couple of reviews, and it being priced right, I decided to buy it.  After I received and assembled it, I, just for the heck of it, decided to read more of the reviews.  I read one that said it was difficult to manuver.  I thought, "Oh, please God, don't tell me I just wasted money!"  Well, I gave it a test run.  I turned it on, pushed the peddle to unlock it from it's upright position and I was surprised at how easy it really is to manuver!  I vacuumed my living room and was surprised to see how much had come up out my carpet!  That feeling I had of wasting money, quickly went away!  This vacuum turned out to be a "VERY GOOD" vacuum at "GOOD" vaxcuum price!  I haven't tried the more expensive or "EXCELLENT" vacuums as they are way out of my price range, but, I bet this one would puts up a "VERY GOOD" fight, though.  LOL :)!!!!  Thanx, Hoover!  Nobody does it like you!
1312	B004J6GTGK	R1JRQEDS7WOWSX	Panasonic MC-CL310 Bagless Canister Vacuum Cleaner, Light Blue finish	the motor broke in less than two weeks.	We used it only 2-3 times before the motor start fuming. We cleaned the filters but still could smell fumes. We returned the product
1313	B001PB8EJ2	REK2RHG7OCFB5	Hoover Linx Cordless Stick Vacuum Cleaner	Best "stick" vacuum ever!	We've had this vacuum for over 2 years now and are on the original battery...still going strong.  The battery does only last about 15 minutes per charge, but we are able to vacuum our 1700 sq ft house on one charge.  We have thought about buying another battery (less than $50 now [...] ) because our kids love to vacuum with this vac and aren't as quick as we are.  It is so light-weight and easy to maneuver!  We highly recommend this vacuum.  And, get extra batteries if needed...
1314	B002IPHBNE	R1XSQMCGEKOD8W	Shark Navigator Upright Bagless Vacuum Cleaner, NV22L	Been through a bunch of vacuums and so far this is the best	I have a brand new vacuum (another popular brand) on my porch that is horrible.  It's just sitting there.  Bought this one a few weeks ago and so far, so good.  It 'feels' better than others.  ie. you can tell it's picking up dirt and it's easy to handle because it's fairly light weight.  It's also one of the only vacuum cleaners that has a hose/tube attached in a good location so it's easy to use.  So far, I'm really happy with it.Update: Bought this vacuum in the fall of 2011 and now it's June 2012 and I still love it!  I like it so much that I bought a second one so I can have one on each floor of my house.  It's fairly light weight, easy to use, easy to clean the dirt out, requires no replacement parts (belts or bags) and the hose is easy to use while you're cleaning.  Love this product!  The woman who cleans my husband's office actually has one too and she said it works great for her too.  She uses it to clean an entire office building.
1315	B001PB8EJ2	R2UF9CTXEGZRAH	Hoover Linx Cordless Stick Vacuum Cleaner	best cordless stick vacuum	this absolutly the best cordless vacuum you can buy , light weight easy to use , plus you have a long running time & it has full power right up to the time it needs to be recharged and a very good suctsion , there are 2 different prices for this vacuum with the same model number & both look indenical , this is my second vacuum that i bought , the first one i paid the higher price , this time i bought the cheaper one saved about $45 dollars , and i can see no differents between them , you can also buy this model that is recondishend , if i need another vacuum i would try a recondishen one , they sell for about $80 , i also bought the small hand vacuum and like that one very much
1316	B0006HUYGM	R3F9HVVMPW2JU4	Eureka EasyClean Hand-Held Vacuum, 71B	I'm like a 5 year old with a new fave toy!!	Great little vacuum, super long 20ft cable that can be wrapped easily, very simple features that don't require crazy thinking, comes assembled, has huge suction power, easy cleaning of filter, modern looking color, and overall awesome.Only small con is the hose is quite short but nothing that can't be improvised... I love it!!!! :)
1317	B00020BQGK	R39FS9UD24JTM2	Hoover Flair Bagless Upright Stick Vacuum with Power Nozzle, S2220	A little vacuum with big power!	This is a great little vacuum cleaner! I bought it for my hardwood floors to replace several Shark vacuums that died (why did I keep buying them?!). I didn't really care if it did rugs very well, but it does a better job than my Oreck XL!It is light, and has a very flexible head so gets in all the tight spaces better than my Swiffer!There is a bit of a "new appliance" odor when you first start to use it, but it dissipates quickly.Thank you, everyone, for all the reviews you posted, which convinced me to buy this great item. If I had seen it in a store, I probably would not have bought it because of the color (wine red), since I prefer blue or silver or beige things. How foolish I would have been to miss out on such a wonderful purchase! Thank you also to Amazon, for excellent service and price.
1318	B003A2IDMC	R13WJFM071EJIR	Hoover FloorMate SpinScrub Wet/Dry Vacuum, FH40010B	Doesn't work...don't buy	This came highly recommend ...why I now have no idea....when it came out of the box it was hard to put together and when I did...it didn't work...the floor looks the same ...no idea why this is recommended but save your money and don't get it
1319	B00002N8CZ	R27C4ASLVDR8YB	Eureka Quick Up Cordless w/Bonus Battery Pack, 96JZ	Batteries are great.	The charge on these batteries is good. It picks up pet hair very well, but not so well anything much heavier than that.
1320	B0009ONZ8G	R2LDTBH9DXAFJQ	Hoover Tempo Widepath Upright Vacuum, Bagged	Well Worth the Money	I recently purchased this vacuum to replace a bagless one I've had for a few years, but a different brand.  I got tired of clogged filters, lack of suction power, and all that dust!  So, I decided to go back to Hoover.  I've always had good luck with this brand, and should have stayed with it.The vacuum has excellent suction power and seems to glide by itself, although it isn't a self-propelled vacuum.  It is a bit noisy.  The on/off switch is located lower down than I would prefer.  It should have been placed high up on the handle where it would be more accessible.  The only other thing that I don't care for is where the cord comes out of this vacuum.  It's very low, almost to the ground.  I pick it up and hang it on the roll-up hook so I don't have to bend down all the time to get it out of the way.  Overall, you get a lot of bang for the buck with this vacuum.  It does the job well, and I'm sure it will continue to for a long time to come.
1321	B00009R66F	RAM7SQQTSABO3	Hoover SteamVac Carpet Cleaner with Clean Surge, F5914-900	Hoover Stem Vac	The Hoover StemVac Carpet Cleaner with Clean Surge arrived quickly. Thank goodness, because wehave a new puppy. While trying to potty train her, we were having to hand clean up all her accidents.The Hoover Stem Vac Carpet cleaner quickly cleaned up our carpets helping us to get rid of odors frompast accidents, helping to reinforce our training. We are so glad to have the vac handy for those timeswhen hand cleaning just doesn't cut it.
1322	B000F8EUFI	R2LPWAHFTXSHTT	Dirt Devil Dynamite Bagless Upright with On-Board Tools - M084650RED	amazed!	wash the filters after every use and you wont have to buy another filter for atleast a year!I have 2 dogs, a husky and a golden, I also have a 3 y/o and a 14 y/o. This means that there is always something ground into the carpet and then covered in large fur tufts. If you get sick of clogs in your vac, and inefficient overpriced vac's then get this one.  This vac has held up in these conditions for 1 year and 3 months, and yesterday it died, the motor burned out, it got a clog in the line that I didn't notice because there was lots of noise in my house covering the whining noise it makes when clogged. Clogs happen very rarely because of the great line they have from head to bagless container (the clog happened because of a small stick that got lodged which caused the hair to ball and clog). I am very sorry to see it go, and will be purchasing the same vac to replace it. It was worth the $45 I paid for it, it does an amazing job on pet hair, and crumbs. It is a bit noisy, but Im cleaning not trying to watch tv or listen to music, just trying to get it done as quickly and efficiently as possible. The onboard tools are great too, it goes under almost anything, and fits into pretty narrow spaces because it doesnt have a huge head on it. you can also clean it easily, I always emptied the container and washed it out and the filter after every use, and check the line for any clogs. its so small and compact and easy to store.
1323	B004412GTO	R2JDYOX8XWDN3T	Black & Decker CHV1510 Dustbuster 15.6-Volt Cordless Cyclonic Hand Vacuum	Best Dust Buster I've Owned... just don't expect a vacuum	I bought this product to clean up small messes around the house that either weren't well suited for a broom or were in a confined enough area that the full sized vacuum cleaner wasn't going to work (i.e. around couch cushions, in the car, it the back of a closet). And it works great for those applications.The little flip out brush and pull out extended reach tube are very well thought out. As is the control button, the release mechanism to empty the canister, and the mounting bracket. The motor is powerful and does a good job of picking up things as heavy as metal nuts if you get close enough. Overall the machine is light, easy to use, and out of the way when stored on its wall mount....Just don't expect a miniature vacuum.The brush on the front is innovative, but it is by no means a replacement for a rotary brush. This means that the dust buster will pick up crumbs from your carpet, but won't agitate it enough to get out any of the deep down dirt. So if you're a college student or someone living in a small apartment and you're looking for something small that can keep your floors clean, look elsewhere. Find something with a rotary brush. You'll end up happier even if it runs you a few extra dollars....With that said I'm still going to rate the product 5 stars because its the best dust buster I've ever owned and its designed perfectly for how it is meant to be used. If it breaks I would likely purchase another and will continue to recommend this model to friends.
1324	B004G5TQIM	R1PTU8LTWPO8LR	Hoover Windtunnel Air Bagless Upright, UH70400	sucks	Very disappointed about this vacuum. Bought it for my elderly mom and the wheel is broken. I'm outside the one month window of returns, so I have to send it back without being paid for shipping and then get a "partial refund". C'mon!
1325	B00002N8CZ	R1CK7LSA7I52ZM	Eureka Quick Up Cordless w/Bonus Battery Pack, 96JZ	great for what it is!	a better "mouse trap" for quick clean-ups and no cumbersome cord.. the rotating brush makes the difference and pretty strong suction; removable handle great for stairs and cushions. Two batteries a plus! This is my 2nd, the former lasted more than 5 years before batteries gave out and handle broke.  Great machine and deal!
1326	B002OQB4JE	R14WTGRB2XZB4L	Hoover WindTunnel Bagless Upright Vacuum, UH70105	Terrible - an absolute waste of money	This vaccuum performed more like a $50 vaccuum than a $100 vaccuum.  The on/off button is (I think) broken, making it very difficult to turn off.  Additionally, the vaccuum is very loud, and while the attachments have a lot of force behind them, the vaccuum itself does not pick up very much on the carpet.  Very surprising considering the great reviews other Hoover Windtunnels have received.
1327	B004F7AR02	R2SCYDDG5KZ7C5	Dirt Devil Quick Lite Plus Vacuum Cleaner	Vac for small areas	I love it . Lite to use but strong power. The attachments work great. Very easy to empty dust cup.
1328	B002IPHBNE	R3R8G9TUSPRLMV	Shark Navigator Upright Bagless Vacuum Cleaner, NV22L	Wonderful Vacuum	I have been wanting a Shark, ever since I've seen the infomercials. But I didn't want to pay those prices. So I looked up them here on Amazon and found this deal. I got the vacuum very fast and about broke my neck to open it. WOW. I put the 2 pieces together, plugged it in, and away I went. I can't believe how well this thing picks up! I have (4) long haired 4 legged feline children and they shed a lot. I have a silver carpet and their hair shows up very noticably. With this vacuum, one pass thru and the hair is gone! And the pet brush works just as beautifully on my furniture! What a great purchase!
1329	B0006HUYGM	RJPXGLHLJGPF0	Eureka EasyClean Hand-Held Vacuum, 71B	Great Little Machine	I have two sets of carpeted stairs in my home, and cleaning them with the Dyson attachments is unwieldy, and using a cordless dustbuster seemed to not do anything at all. I really wanted the power of a plug in vacuum with more portability.I bought this. I would say the suction rivals that of my Dyson. I did two stairs and I don't even want to tell you how much dog hair and dust was in the canister. (And I have a small dog, who isn't even allowed on the stairs)The Riser Visor is great, it allows me to get all angles of each stair with the spinning brushes, which let's face it, is the best way to clean. It blows air out the back of the unit, which can be a distraction, but it has to go somewhere! The 20 ft. cord reaches easily from the nearest plug to the opposite side of the stairs... The unit has a switch to turn the powerbrushes on or off, so you can just use the attachment. I wish the attachment had a brush for dusting. Not a deal breaker, as I see I can buy a kit.I am going to use it in my car, and THEN, I am keeping this baby in my home office, to keep the dustbunnies behind my desk/computer at bay, and for the quick clean up when I empty the shredder bin. This thing is also nice for cleaning under tables and areas where I would have normally pulled out attachments or moved furniture, with the crevice tool and hose, I see my life getting loads easier.For the price, I would have totally been okay using this as a 'stair vacuum' only. Since I've only had it for a few hours and have found many other uses, to me this is extra credit.
1330	B0009ONZ8G	R3DJ7ETUZY7HZ7	Hoover Tempo Widepath Upright Vacuum, Bagged	some parts good, some parts annoying	For the price of this product I would say it is just, ok.  It vacuums just fine on carpet, not so good on floors.  Also i would say that the location of where to wrap the cord is a little weird. You have to go over the hoses.  and speaking of the hoses.  Everytime that I use the hose to vacuum up some corners it hurts to take it off.  but overall i would say it is worth the money.
1331	B002HFA5F6	R2SXYGRSUJ1QEQ	Hoover WindTunnel T-Series Pet Rewind Plus Upright Vacuum, Bagless, UH70210	wind tunnel vacuum	When first got it the suction was great. Now its not sucking well and the extra adapter to clean the couch and stairs is slowly turning. Took the whole vacuum apart to see if anything clogged but found nothing. Was hoping to find a good vacuum ...guess not.
1332	B0006HUYGM	R2L5S0JHB91NL9	Eureka EasyClean Hand-Held Vacuum, 71B	This thing SUCKS!!....and HOW!!	I bought this to clean the cushions in my boat.Fantastic! We put the full size (pipe) extension and floor piece from our upright and use this to do the floors in the house as well.A low cost portable cleaning machine..You will be amazed at the job this does on your stairs,...YOUR STAIRS ARE FILTHY..unless you own this vacuum!!
1333	B005KMDV9A	R2AH5J7YBAZWS3	Shark Navigator Professional Lift-Away Vacuum Cleaner - Model NV356E	Second-Generation HEPA Vacuum	This is our second HEPA vacuum cleaner--our earlier Hoover appears to be wearing out.  Clearly Shark learned from the mistakes the earlier vacuums made.  This vacuum screams that it was *Designed*, not just put together.  We've had ours for about a month and I enthusiastically recommend it.When used as an upright, dirt is sucked into the floor sweeper, then up through the tube that serves as the upright handle, out the top of that through a flexible hose into the canister.  The canister appears to be designed to swirl material in a circle around its interior as air is sucked into a central exhaust tube, then through a thick filter into the fan, and out a final HEPA filter in the front of the unit.  When emptying our old Hoover I had to brush dust off a paper filter in the middle of the canister after emptying the main canister into the trash.  That was always a very dusty process.  The Shark's canister only has a simple wire mesh filter on the central exhaust tube so there's nothing to clean when you empty the canister, making the whole process much less messy and more pleasant for me.The thick foam filter that leads to the motor is designed to be removed and washed every few months.  Other than the final HEPA filter there appear to be no filters that have to be replaced.  This is a welcome change once again from having to brush the paper filter on our Hoover every time I emptied the canister.The floor sweeper brush runs on a separate motor from the vacuum motor, which means you can manually switch the floor brush off while vacuuming, and the brush is only running when you pivot the handle down to do the actual vacuuming--when it's just idling upright the brushes turn off automatically.  This makes the machine much quieter and reduces wear on vacuum and carpet when it's idling or when you're using the hose attachment.It's easy to detach the entire canister-hose-motor assembly from the floor sweeper base and use it as a canister vacuum.  This is really good as it knocks a lot of weight off and also leaves you with a cleaner unit to carry around if you're vacuuming cobwebs over your bed or something.When the extension hose is detached from the base, no air is sucked into the base so you don't have to worry about where you set the vacuum down when you're using the hose attachment.  This is really useful in a house with children who leave Legos and the like all over the place.  You don't have to worry about vacuuming up toys with the floor unit while you're trying to vacuum cobwebs off the walls or ceiling with the hose.I initially thought the swivel base was a useless gimmick but I've decided it's quite helpful when you're vacuuming along a wall or near furniture and the handle/canister would otherwise be running into the wall.The hose brush attachment has a swiveling beveled joint with its intake tube, which means you can change the angle of the brush with respect to the hose.  That can be handy when you go from vacuuming blinds to vacuuming the top of furniture, for instance.Those are the good things, and they are very good.  There are weaknesses, enough to knock off a star, and I hope they are addressed in future revisions.The hose attachment on our NV356E came with an appliance holder that mounts on the upright handle/extension hose and holds the short crevice tool and the brush attachment.  This makes the extension hose very bulky compared to any other vacuum with a hose.There is a strong smell of hot plastic when the vacuum runs.  It doesn't bother me but it drives my wife nuts.The extension hose lifts off either as a short hose or a long hose depending on where you unclip it from the base.  You cannot lift the longer tube off unless you have completely unstowed the power cord, as the power cord essentially lashes the tube extension to the canister base while it is stowed.Other than these complaints I'm quite impressed with this vacuum cleaner.
1334	B004LBHGJC	R3M8CUHM2DVG7M	Eureka Quick Up Cordless 2 in 1,  96H	Best stick vac yet	This is the third stick vac I have owned, and the best so far.  It has more suction, is lighter, and quieter, than any of its corded predecessors (Dirt Devil and can't recall the other).  Plus it cordless, stands upright all on its own, and can be used as a handheld for furniture and such.  Enough battery power for me to vac a large kitchen, entryway, and two bathrooms without any power loss or recharging.  This one's a keeper.
1335	B002YPUO5U	RNZQGNC25AZIX	Miele S2121 Olympus Canister Vacuum Cleaner	Hardwood floors & 5 cats owner	Out of the box reactions:-It's SMALL!!  I currently have 4 vacuum's to handle the hardwood/carpet/upholstery and they take up 2 closets.  This thing fits into the corner or one of the closets.-Filter access is super easy!  It's got 4 filters (bag, motor intake, motor exhaust, case exhaust) that are of varying types to catch any and everything that passes through it.-Rolls around very easy.First use reactions:-Soooo quiet!!  On max setting, it's still not half or a third as loud as any of my previous vacuums.  On the lowest setting, it still sucks up everyday grunge on the hardwood floors and doesn't freak my cats out.-Upward pointing exhaust in the MAIN reason I bought this thing and let me tell you, if you have pets, upward exhaust is the ONLY way to go!  No more chasing dust bunnies around the house or flinging crap in or near your pet beds or pet food bowls.  You can now just vacuum everything up, where it's at without fear of having to calculate angles and vectors as to not blow garbage into places you don't want.-Hose, handle and head are well built and make the job easy and swift.  The hose doesn't kink on itself and all the hose connections rotate easily.-Works amazingly well on any hardwood surface.  We have 50yr old hardwood floors, high raised tile and small tile floors that it doesn't have a problem with.This thing just made obsolete my entire vacuum collection! :)
1336	B002HFA5F6	R2TY671PU1YVJX	Hoover WindTunnel T-Series Pet Rewind Plus Upright Vacuum, Bagless, UH70210	This vaccum sucks!!!!	We opened the package the first day we recieved it and then spent the next 2 hours vaccuming anything and everything we could!  I have both hardwood and carpet with 3 pets so this vaccum is wonderful!!!!!
1337	B00450U7V8	ROHYSJKUSTNVI	BISSELL PowerEdge Pet Hard Floor Vacuum, 81L2T	Love love love	I have a dog who sheds relentlessly all over my white tile. This is the best stick vac ive owned. I only wish it was cordless because the cord is a little short, but workable.
1338	B000F8EUFI	R2OU6WCW6HWRRS	Dirt Devil Dynamite Bagless Upright with On-Board Tools - M084650RED	Clogs easily and died completely after 8 months	This vacuum was nothing but trouble from day one. It kept clogging and the clogs were very hard to remove due to the way the hose is positioned. I spent hours trying to fish out clogs using my fingers, sticks, etc. Every time I noticed that the air wasn't circulating inside the canister, I would find that it was clogged. We don't have any pets. We do have children. This might be a nice vacuum for someone living alone with very light vacuuming to do. I'm not sure. All I know is that it was a huge pain to us. It finally quit picking things up entirely... won't suction anything. I'm not sure what the problem is, but it's not worth it to us to fix it seeing as we were frustrated with it to begin with. We definitely wished we had gone with another product.
1339	B002HFA5F6	R10FYDX0ZXXM0O	Hoover WindTunnel T-Series Pet Rewind Plus Upright Vacuum, Bagless, UH70210	Should have bought this when my house was new	I bought this vac based on the reviews. Man I'm glad i did, this vac is the best!! we have a 120+lbs dog that sheds alot(lab-great periness mix).  When we got this my wife had said that she used our old vac that afternoon (bissell 3-4 yrs old), when i put the hoover together and vaccumed one room and looked at what was missed, i redid the whole house.  Truly amazed at what was in my carpets and amazed that it made my carpets feel like new again.  Just wished we had got the hoover when we bought our new house.  got a pet?? buy this one. no pets..buy this one!
1340	B00284BM3A	R21BKU2BQN2LVR	BISSELL Cleanview Helix Upright Vacuum Cleaner, Bagless, 82H1	Great for Pet Hair	I have been collecting vacuum cleaners for the last ten years, so I know a little about vacuums. Among the vacuum collector circle, Bissells are regarded as cheap, poor performers and disposable. For the most part they are wrong; you just have to maintain them.Since I am a collector, I did not buy this vacuum to be my only cleaner. I really only bought the CleanVeiw because it was on sale and I had a gift card. But for the month I've had it, I have been very impressed. Keep in mind that I have owned over 50 vacuums in past 10 years.Like most Bissells, the Cleanveiw has a very aggressive brush roll. If you remember to change the belt on time (like any other vacuum) pet hair will be no problem. It also removes a surprisingly large amount of grit, which is hard to find in this price range. The dirt cup is very easy to empty as well.The turbobrush is best I have ever used. Attachments like these have been around since the late 80s, but used exclusively on central vacs. Hoover started to put them on their Windtunel series in the late 90s, and since then every major vacuum brand includes them with their uprights. No one has gotten them just right, but Bissell is very close.There is one flaw major in this vacuum. The filtration is terrible. Bissell has to use 3 pre-motor filters, and they barely do the job. I've had to clean the main one 4 times already. If not given the attention it needs, it will clog. Badly. The "HEPA" filter, which isn't even sealed, is already dirty. Not enough to replace it, but quite bad for only a few hours of use.Considering what is sold today, the Cleanveiw is a good choice. If you must buy a new department store vacuum under $100, this is the way to go.
1341	B004412GTO	[DISAPPEARED]	Black & Decker CHV1510 Dustbuster 15.6-Volt Cordless Cyclonic Hand Vacuum	Doesn't hold charge	This is one of the worst things I've ever bought on Amazon. Three months laterand it doesn't hold a charge at all. I wasted time and money.
1342	B002HFA5F6	R150S0BOI8LYLS	Hoover WindTunnel T-Series Pet Rewind Plus Upright Vacuum, Bagless, UH70210	Pleased with this product	I've only used this product a few times since purchasing. So far, I'm very pleased with it's performance. I would like it a bit quieter, but the suction is good.  I love the automatic cord wind up.
1343	B00020BQGK	R1ZYRHMKUOSZA2	Hoover Flair Bagless Upright Stick Vacuum with Power Nozzle, S2220	Hoover S2220 Flair Bagless Upright Stick Vacuum with Power Nozzle	The Hoover stick works very well. It has suficent suction to take care of some really tuff jobs. The power head is strong and can handle any carpet that we have. The one thing that is a little wierd is the head that swivles. Sure it may be easier to get under certian furniture, but be carefull when you park it. If you don't get it perfictly centered and balanced, it will take a dive and could break something. We were lucky when we first did it. It fell on an open floor and didn't break anything. Also the filter is a bit hard to clean.
1344	B002KCO96C	R6Z7HKXKK06JP	Dirt Devil SD20000RED Simpli-Stik All-in-One Stick Vacuum Cleaner	Underpowered	Even though this is an inexpensive stick vacuum I was still surprised by the lack of suction power, especially for a plug in model. I had a cordless Oreck (which finally broke down) which was similarly priced and much better at cleaning. This can't even pick up pieces of lint.
1345	B001PB8EJ2	RSLSIK009ZYOQ	Hoover Linx Cordless Stick Vacuum Cleaner	Love the ease of use.	This is just about the handiest thing to happen since sliced bread!  Crumbs on the kitchen floor?  Grab the Linx!  Cat hair  and lint on the carpet?  Grab the Linx Cleaner! The Hoover Linx Cordless Stick Vacuum Cleaner couldn't be any more handy to use, and so easy to clean out the dirt cup. I sure like the ease of cleaning a floor without having to bend over and hurt my back.I have an extra battery, so when one battery runs down, I just put it in the charger, put the already charged battery in and off I go again!I just can't say enough good things about this vacuum cleaner...everybody should have one.
1346	B0006HUYGM	RUTDVQDE5K6AN	Eureka EasyClean Hand-Held Vacuum, 71B	BUY THIS VACUUM!	First, even the positive reviews mention the weight, and I have to ask if you guys ever owned any handheld vacuums before? The only "lightweight" handhelds I've ever seen, much less owned, were junk and junk.The main reason I bought this was for my wife - she can't stand when our carpeted front stairs get dirt, pet hair, leaves, etc. I though it would be nice for her, as well as me, since I am the one who has to drag the upright up & down the stairs, while using the hose. I am so far beyond thrilled, there's not even a word for it. Simply as a handheld, it picks up phenomally well, and is simple to dump out. when you add in the hose (stored on the vacuum, out of the way), crevice tool attachment (stores up its backside - no kidding!), and suprisingly long cord (surprising by how compact it looks when wrapped), this thing makes me hear an angelic chorus. The only downsides I could see, outside of the fact that it weighs more than 5 pounds (again, don't get me started!), was having to turn it upside down and around to clean the stair risers, BUT WAIT! Eureka's Riser Visor (see product pics) lets you clean vertically by flipping the brush roller cover down. WHAT??? This thing is crazy!!!Another marvelous feature is the dual-motor system, which means you can turn the roller off and simply use it for a vacuum, which is great for when you're using the hose and don't want to waste the power, put wear on the belt, and have the roller wearing out whatever it happens to be sitting on.My only complaint, which is absolutely aesthetics: every picture you see, on Amazon, on the product box, and even on Eureka's website, shows a clear or smoke dust cup, which matches the color scheme of the upright we have. When I opened the box, the Riser Visor is smoke, but the dust cup is.. YELLOW? I don't mean the bright yellow of the body, I mean that nasty bug-light yellow. I've contacted Eureka Customer Service, and they're supposed to be sending me a replacement. I know that's nitpicking, but look at it this way: it's my ONLY complaint.Seriously, read through the reviews, and if you're concerned about the weight, find it in a store, even in the box, and pick it up. I can't recommend this beauty enough!
1347	B004MPRJS0	R2I9XYGL4TIDJA	Hoover Windtunnel Max Multi-Cyclonic Bagless Upright Vacuum, UH70600	Older Vacuums are still good	The suction area above the beater bar clogs with dog hair from my Lab/Cocker mix.  Picks up well on carpet but not on the side edges or front like the old one.  Horrible on hardwood floors.The concept of HEPA, filters etc. being so great is a FRAUD ON THE WORLD.  At some point you must empty the dust container and then the dust flies. The bag is healthier.Guess Hoover lost the engineer that made them self adjusting and they forgot to make a tilt setting to go over little bumps, the handle is either straight up or all the way down, nothing in the middle.  Bulky and won't go under a coffee table like the old one either.I had a Hoover upright for 35 years that still worked great.  Did a lot of research and even talked to Hoover before purchasing.  The best isn't self propelled like my prior.
1348	B000FFUQZO	R1H34KWYUY4TXY	Eureka Lightweight Easy Clean Upright Vacuum Cleaner, 166DX	ok.	It's light, easy to use for a quick pickup and easy to put away; with the collapsible handle it takes up very little space & can fit anywhere.  Easy to use, and empty.  Although I wasn't expecting the suction of an expensive vacuum, I was expecting just a little more suction.  It will pick up dust and very light dirt, but little else. For example, when I spilled some salt, it finally picked up most of it after repeatedly going over it.  All in all, it is ok for minor pickups in my small office; and, probably wouldn't buy it again.
1349	B003XDT9MG	ROH8HEIGNWLIG	Dirt Devil Dynamite II Compact Bagless Upright Vacuum, UD20010	Works great!	Has a lot of power. Happy with it. Great price, would recommend to anyone. The only thing is the attachment always falls off, the extra brush they give you, so i took off a star.
3300	B0006HUYGM	R2UD7GOW54VKCJ	Eureka EasyClean Hand-Held Vacuum, 71B	Fabulous!	I spent $500 for a beautiful Dyson canister...a real work of art.  But then I had to move into a very small one bedroom in NYC...about 650sf.  I have two small round carpets, maybe 4 or 5 feet wide.  The ratio of floor area to molding is very low, so I found myself spending a lot of time and effort trying to keep the molding clean, especially because the Dyson wand is very heavy.  Then I bought this little charmer.  I use it for the whole house!  All 650 sf.  It works great on the carpets, I use it on the sofa and it is super for molding and the like.  You do need to buy a separate brush for the end, although it comes with a nice crevice tool (that's what she said) for getting in to those crevices.It's a little yucky cleaning the dust collector, but considering the capacity you don't want to be changing bags a lot either.I have even bought this as a house warming gift!
