1350	B000BTDNEK	R3JRVXZOO0C0DO	Wonder Washer	Will Pay for Itself	I have had mine for years! I got my Wonder Washer when I went from a home back to an apartment (back in 2005/2006) and it paid for itself quickly. I stopped using it when I used to have to travel for work all the time (I'd have about a week home in a month; not consecutive days)so by the time I would get home, I'd end up with a huge pile of laundry! Because of this, I stopped using this little guy so that I could get my mountains done faster in the laundry room. Unfortunately the complex I live in now has two washers for approx. 25 apartments. There are times when it's taken me up to a week just to get a load of laundry in (unless I want to stay awake for all hours of the day to beat someone else to the washers). I've started using my Wonder Washer again (2012) and it's been a real life saver especially when I'm about to run out of clean undies! I'm saving money using this which is great since they just raised my rent again!I fill mine up in the bathtub and run it sitting on a memory foam bath mat on the floor. I agree with everyone else that the lid is a joke, I use it is to prevent water from flying out of the bucket while its running and then to use it as a tray for my clothes to still rinse.I have had this little washer for years and it's still running strong! It was definitely a wise investment.
1351	B003SQ7I5S	R1S662FSJCYV9S	Mobile Washer (Hand Operated Washing Machine)	Fantastic!	I have been using this for 2 weeks and it really does a great job! My clothes are coming out very clean.When you push it up and down you can hear the air whoosh out the vent and feel the suction where it is pulling the water through the dirty clothes. To rinse them, you simply put 2 - 4 inches of water again in your bucket or sink and agitate them again. Only a couple minutes on wash and another minute on rinse and they are nice and clean. Also, you use significantly less detergent than is required in a washer. This is because of how it pulls and pushes the water through the clothes with force!Very sturdy I expect to use it for many years.
1352	B005GM942C	R1YFN1ZUH7NQWT	Bonus Package Panda Small Mini Portable Compact Washer Washing Machine 5.5lbs Capacity	Smart Investment & LOVE MY PANDA	My panda arrived yesterday, and I got to use it and get 2 loads of laundry done last night before going to bed. Easy set up, and very easy to use. You get what you pay for so please keep that in mind. It washes your clothes out nice and clean just like a normal washing machine would. You have to go through obviously on the rinse cycle, which I find easier to save the motor from any extra work, I use my hand held spray and rinse out my clothes that way and let it drain out....making sure all soap gets out. Once that's completed I obviously take out all clothes, hand wring them out and hang them up as usual. I do make sure that I leave the top cover open to help vent out the washer and that I leave the drain hose down so any left over water will properly drain out on it's own and that there won't be moisture build up. I love my Panda as living in an apartment where we don't have washer & dryer hook-ups helps me keep up with my laundry needs and will eventualy pay for it's self in 2 months for me. Where I was spending $50 a month just at the laundry mat, I won't miss doing that anymore trust me! Obviously I still have to make those trips to wash bed comforters but I can so handle that. :-)
1353	B002UYSHMM	R2TOGBL26Y8KJ1	Haier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer	So much dirt, can't wear underwears and dark clothing after wash	I purchsed it about a month ago. Works good.  However, my major issue is that after wash too much dirt from fabric stick on my clothing. It never happened before when I used to go a local laundromat.  It's pretty bad as I cannot wear my underwear after wash due to all the dirt and I have to use a lint roller to take off them.  If I knew it I would have not bought it. Other than that, it's a good product overall. But here is a headsup.  Any other people having this problem?
1354	B0002KXMT4	R2OQA63H6A3AYY	Haier HLP21N 6.6-Pound Pulsator Wash with Stainless Steel Tub	Perfect for new baby..	This was a baby shower gift from a friend.  My son is now 17 months and it still works great.  I absolutely love it.  The only problem I have with it is my fault.  I have to make sure the drain is anchored in the sink or it floods my kitchen.  But it is better than you would expect.  Perfect for the new parent in small apartment dwelling.  I still am waiting to buy the dryer. A+
1355	B000BTDNEK	R2QNUZHJ5AZCCU	Wonder Washer	Sorry but...didn't like it at all	Well 800 gram isn't much weight, it's = to 1.25 pds which is basically the weight of the water you put in it, yes socks and underwear may not weigh that much when there dry, but they do when there wet, its a different ball game for it haha. I'm a big dude that wears size 42 everything so my shorts (wet) probably weigh just as much as say... a size 30 jeans would weigh. Basically to make a long story short... it hated my clothes lol. If too much weight in bucket, it like to spin around fast at times when the machine is in cycle, and to no lock of some sort at the bottom of bucket to keep it from doing that, I ended up using one of my belts to keep into place as I was afraid that the bucket would spin off the machine and I would have to deal with water everywhere. My clothes also must be dirtier... if that word exist... anyways because I've heard ppl on here say they reuse there water sometimes....First of all....EGGGHHHH tha hell wrong wit ya'll, I wouldn't even do that with a regular machine if it let me lol. That's the other thing that was a work out for me, never had to squeeze the water out of my clothes which were soaked. doesn't really do the trick that well either as all it does is spin your clothes around one way, stop for about 5 sec, then spin the other direction which I noticed is what makes the bucket spin.. see the water is still spinning in the last direction it was going before the machine goes the other direction which makes your clothes and water stop suddenly and making the bucket lean and tilt at times and making it spin around really fast., that's what my belt was for, but it doesn't exactly save on water as U go through a lot of it rinsing out your clothes afterwards, not to mention this one wasn't quiet. Sounded like the motor was whining up, (working hard) so it wasn't quiet I should say, quieter than a regular one but still, was kinda annoying to hear. I don't think it was worth the money I spent on it as I'm in the process in getting a refund right now, if you have very little small light clothes then your all good, but if you have size 42 thick underware, and size xx large socks that are thick in materials like I do lol.... you minds well forget it. The machine will hate U lol and make you work hard to get your clothes clean, its almost like if your really dirty from working at a construction site or something and U come home to take a bath, well that bath water is going be pretty nasty by the time you fill the tub up just from U sitting in it, well that's how my clothes where, hell U could see the water turning right there before even turning the machine on lol, like well let them soak for a moment, then I'll change the water out. Might find yourself changing the water several times for one small load. O yeah... use like a freakin teaspoon of detergent too, because you'll find yourself spending the next 20 mins sitting over your tub hand rinsing out soap and bucket, of course if ya'll already have those kinda machines in your house that's rings them out 4 U then then hell your cool. But sorry, I didn't like the product so I'm returning it. Also U would think since U have like a gallon and a half of water sitting on top of a motor that's using 120 volts at about 3 amps and god knows how many watts, it would at least have a 3 prong plug at the end so it had something to ground out too, (if the house/apt is equipped with it). I know houses come with circuit breakers now a days but even those have been known to fail, and doesn't say anything in manual about having any of a circuit breaker built in, I mean I don't want to get shocked if water happens to go spilling everywhere lol, anyways I think I've said more enough of pros and cons about it.....well more cons then pros but... anyways that's my opinion on it
1356	B001FDV410	RH92OWS09NG4F	Haier HLP23E Electronic 1-1/2-Cubic-Foot Touch Pulsator Top-Loading Portable Washing Machine	Excellent washer - I wish I had bought it sooner!	I've had this washer for about six weeks and I'm very happy with it.  What prompted me to finally get a compact washer for my apartment was having some pink pillowcases come out of the communal laundry machines (shared by 5 apartments, and coin operated) with black streaks on them which were NOT there before washing!  Other laundry room hassles included the machines being always busy when I wanted them, and management having to constantly be reminded to empty the $%&*#@ quarters from the machines before they were so full they jammed.Anyway, the washer works great, arrived in perfect condition (and quickly!) and was a breeze to connect to a spare bathroom sink.  Being a woman and generally nervous about plumbing matters, I always expect frustration, rage and tears when I have to deal with a new plumbing situation.  But hose connection, after removing the faucet aerator, was very simple, with no leaks.Bottom line is, I'm quite pleased with the washer's performance (clothes get very clean, machine is quiet), the convenience, and no longer having to endure neighbors' cooties on my laundry.  I recommend it highly!
1357	B005GM942C	R1IUBD3T99P65N	Bonus Package Panda Small Mini Portable Compact Washer Washing Machine 5.5lbs Capacity	single mom's best friend	You know how everything happens st the time when the money is running low?  You're faced eith loads of laundry snd you know a trip to the laundramat is going to eat up what's left---well, this is mama's little helper.  Do a load or two each night to keep the stuff from building up and save big time.  I wash, manually, wring, rinse with fabric softener, wring again and hang or place on a folding rack  (bathtub in the winter, patio in the summer)  I now only have to visit that cash sucking laundramat for the big stuff.  Our apartment complex won't allow the portables.  I keep mine right by the kitchen sink and use it every day.
1358	B005GM942C	R2LE1Z8DNO3N7Q	Bonus Package Panda Small Mini Portable Compact Washer Washing Machine 5.5lbs Capacity	A wonderful Gift	I was nervous ,because I ordered the Panda Washing Machine on 2-28-12 @ 11:30 PM for my sisters babyshower gift on  3-3-12! I was prepared to tell my sister that her surprise gift I bragged about so much, would be here by the 9th or 11th.This company is AAA+ fast. I received my washing machine 3-2-12. I'm giving them the best babyshower gift based on the great reviews, and because I'm just a fabulous, thoughtful gift giver :) My sister may not have the luxury of a laundry room, but now she can do her newborn's laundry in the comfort of her apartment! I believe this is a fantastic gift, based on reviewers on Amazon & YouTube. I read reviews on everything I purchase because reviewers let you know the real deal & this washing machine has A+ Excellent reviews!  I also brought a laundry dryer rack and baby detergent, to give it as a complete baby shower gift set.
1359	B002UYSHMM	R34SZGKFS7S8OJ	Haier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer	Great Buy and Works Well If Not Overloaded	I'm very pleased with this product and I'm sure you will be as well providing you don't confuse it with a full-size unit.The main reason I'm writing this is to mention, unlike the company's customer service department claimed, IT WILL work without being directly connected to a water source. Admittedly, it's easier if connected to a water line but not that much trouble to fill manually.Here's how I do it: Fill the tub up with water, add detergent, stir the water to mix, add clothes. Next turn on power, select water height to high, press "CYCLE BUTTON" three (3) times for "wash only," then press start. The wash cycle takes about 15 minutes to complete.Once wash cycle is completed press power button turning off machine. Next, push power button again to turn on. Press cycle button five (5) times for "rinse only." then press start, which drains the water out of the tub. After completed turn off machine and repeat the above "WASH ONLY" STEPS (listed above) but just fill with water. Let clothes agitate in rinse water for about 5 minutes and push the power button turning the machine off.Repeat "rinse only steps" (above). I rinse clothes two or three times this way. When finished push power button off.After rinsing is complete push power on, press "cycle button" six (6) times for rinse only, then press start.There you have it. I use a separate spinning unit to drying the clothes as much as possible before hanging them to air-dry. When drying this I use multiple plastic hangers (at least three) so as not to put marks in the clothes.Thanks for reading my review and happy washing!!!
1360	B00AW04ZMM	RHKPXSS7AHJXI	Panda Small Compact Portable Washing Machine(6-7lbs Capacity) with Spin Dryer	Wish we had found it sooner!	This little machine is a marvel. It works perfectly.I just hook it up to the kitchen sink, wash the clothes,and hang them out on the patio and let the hot Texaswinds dry them.  They smell so fresh.  If it is raining, Ihave a rack and dry them indoors.  It doesn't take longbecause the spin basket does such a good job of re-moving the water.It is quiet, easy to lift and really gets the clothesclean.No more noisy,  crowded, dirty laundromats.  Nomore lugging heavy baskets out to the car.
1361	B00AW04ZMM	RLJZ7SBR34PZU	Panda Small Compact Portable Washing Machine(6-7lbs Capacity) with Spin Dryer	LOVE THIS MACHINE!!!	I live on the third floor with no elevator and laundry was NOT fun. $2.00 to wash and $1.50 to dry,  way expensive for what I had to wash each week.  I have a very small apartment and this machine fits perfectly under my counter in the bathroom. It looks very neat, like a storage container and using it is very simple and easy. I wish I had bought this years ago. Anyone with a small space and has a few bits of clothes each week it is a true money saver! It requires little soap and it really does great job getting clothes clean, I think better than the laundry mat, YOU can control how long you want things to wash,  If you spin the clothes longer they come out almost dry, I hang my clothes in the shower on hangers and overnight everything including towels get dry. I havent done sheets yet but I am certain one set. Don't think about this one....just buy it...You will be glad you did!!
1362	B005GM942C	R8NLEJ50R5OUP	Bonus Package Panda Small Mini Portable Compact Washer Washing Machine 5.5lbs Capacity	Does a good job.	The washer itself is great, the included hose is junk. Replace it as soon as you can make a trip to the pet store. Aquarium tubing works great. A plug for the outlet hose would be nice, but a wad of paper blocks it ok. If you do not block the outlet hose it will overflow when the washer has a large load. Also, I recommend using a  laundry detergent designed for high efficiency washers. Tide makes a good one.
1363	B0092JSGXI	R29I4Z0X6J88YI	Panda Portable Compact Cloths Dryer Apartment Size 110v stainless Steel Drum See Through Window8.8lbs Capacity/2.65 cu.ft	dryer	have not used it yet just got it today, but it looks like it is going to do the job.
1364	B000BTDNEK	R180P74IU0K4MD	Wonder Washer	Useful little machine	I purchased this machine several months ago and have been using it to wash my clothes.  I still take larger items and items like towels, washcloths and socks to the laundromat (items that either don't fit into the washer or don't do well with air drying - the towels, washcloths and socks I have found for me really need the fluff-drying that a hot air dryer provides, otherwise they get really stiff and uncomfortable to use).  But for washing my clothing, this little guy really does a good job.Caveats:1)If you don't load enough items into it to - for lack of a better term - stabilize the water, when it gets going it can create what I like to call the whirlpool effect and slop water over the sides of the bucket.  Even if the lid were able to lock down tight enough to prevent the water spillage (it doesn't), there are holes in the lid.  However, through trial and error I have figured out that if I put enough clothes into each load (but not too much, otherwise the machine stops working), it prevents this whirlpool effect.  For me, as a large woman, that would be a floor-length skirt, two bras and two pairs of underwear.  Your mileage may vary.  I also keep a hand towel draped around the base in case of spillage.2)I have found that the knobs can be difficult to grasp and turn - if my hands are wet.  That's the other reason I keep a hand towel handy, so that I can dry my hands before turning the knob.3)I generally work my way from lights to dark.  The reason for this is because I lift the clothing out by hand once it's washed - into a smaller tupperware "bucket" that I used for just this purpose - add a bit more water to bring the level back up (since some of the water goes with the washed clothes), and reuse the water for the next load.  I go from light to dark because as we all know sometimes dye leaks out of clothes and you don't want to have to change out the water more than necessary.4)I started out filling the smaller tupperware bucket with water and then pouring it from the tupperware bucket into the machine, but then I had an epiphany.  I have located the washer next to my kitchen sink, and my kitchen sink has a sprayer.  So now I put the detergent, colorsafe bleach and softener in first, then use the sprayer to add water.  Much easier.5)The other reason I located the washer next to my kitchen sink was for ease of rinsing.  For larger items (like skirts, pants and shirts), I generally run water over the items while kneading them against the side of the sink.  For smaller items, I generally hold them in my hands while kneading them under the water flow.  Works like a charm.6)To save myself from getting arthritis from hand-wringing out the items (and to speed the drying time), I also got a spin dryer.  (A Mini Countertop Spin Dryer Clothes Spin Dryer Portable Clothes Dryerfrom The Laundry Alternative, purchased through Amazon).  Works great.All in all a handy little apppliance.
1365	B005GM942C	R20ORN6KE9QP6I	Bonus Package Panda Small Mini Portable Compact Washer Washing Machine 5.5lbs Capacity	good product	works good , very powerful tool for home use, especially for light clothes. My wife and I are satisfied with it.suggestion: the diameter of the hosepipe is too small, I cannot use it on my tapalso, I'm sensitive with the smell, if the smell is not so bad, I'll be happy with it.
1366	B000BTDNEK	R1EB0E1VNXMJXX	Wonder Washer	Wonder Washer	I had to send the 1st order back, because it was leaking. I had no problems with the return. The replacement works fine. I absolutely love this product!  It's compact and works great for undergarments, gentle clothing with beading and dry clean only clothing. Drawback you have to manually rinse out soap, but worth it.  I absolutely recommend this wonder washer. Just follow directions exact. Thinking about getting one for my mom
1367	B0002KXMT4	R33QKRLNKYEKHW	Haier HLP21N 6.6-Pound Pulsator Wash with Stainless Steel Tub	Haier Compact Washer	Absolutly everything I expected. The Haier HLP21E, 6 3/5 lb. capacity, holds about 1/2 load of a regular sized drum. Washes wonderful and spins out to just damp. I've been using Arm & Hammer liquid with the softener in it and have had no over-sudsing issues. ( I use about 1/2-3/4 capful). It came in about 5 days, much earlier than the esimated shipping date. It hooked up easy and has no leaks, and doesn't play Jingle Bells, (LOL) like previous models! It's perfect for 1-2 people in a small apartment, probably not the most paractical for a big family, but I love it. I think I was getting depression from having to drag my laundry out and up and down my stairs to the 2nd floor, especially during WNY winter, and now I'm SAVED!!!No, I don't have a dryer, but I have use of a clothes line and bought a dryer rack that fits in my bath tub. So, Love, Love, Love!! And I make everyone that comes over, check-it-out, and they love it too!  :D Oh, and I'm going to put it on a wheeled plant stand too, (like I read that someone else did) as soon as I find one with locking wheels.Thanks for reading,L.E.Western NY
1368	B002UYSHMM	R5MXMGUEMMNSY	Haier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer	Wonderful Little Washer	Not a problem worked as advertised out of box.No leaks, quiet, fast, able to spin handwashed items just good all around washer for the size.
1369	B002UYSHMM	R38XMTJP4CFQ3P	Haier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer	wonderful machine	I am into RV living and this machine fits right in I have decided to give up the dining table it is just a catch all anyways and that gives me a spot for a laundry center the machine is much quieter than I expected and does a great job you will have to figure out the amount of detergent to use that all depends on the brand you use. don't try to wash blankets but sheets work well I have washed two king size and they came out well. After a year with this machine I still have no regrets it has paid for itself several times over. I have a tip that has worked well for me if you get a Downy fabric softener ball and put it in when you start the wash you don't have to wait to add softener just use the bottom mark line on the ball. It does make a bit more noise when the ball hits the side but livable.
1370	B008XM3CAW	R2B96OK3UWIWYK	Sonya Portable Compact Small Laundry Dryer Apartment Size 110vstainless Steel Drum Transparent Lid 8.8lbs Capacity/2.65cu.ft.	Size, Functionality, and Economy for this Dryer	This dryer is the perfect size for my motorhome and it works great with dryel. Energy demand is low for drycleaning.
1371	B000BTDNEK	R11E6LCDXCJSPQ	Wonder Washer	Wonder Washer	I like this washer a lot.  I do have to dump the water out a couple of times to fill again with rinse water.  Sometimes for light clothes, which I only use this for, and not very soiled I just as a tablespoon or two of baking soda (not wash soda)  to the water - then I do not have to rinse.  Basically this  is an electric hand washer.  I also have the laundry alternative spin dryer and that helps a lot.  Then I hang the items on the shower rod with a fan blowing.  Any clothes with spandex I wash in this because the washing machines are too hard on them - then of course air dry.  It says you can wash a pair of jeans in this but I would not - too hard on the machine.  The first one leaked after only a couple of uses - so I returned that one.update 3/24/13 note that these all leak - I had to return another one and am now on my third.I just found a puddle of water on the floor - so I will try putting a towel under or around the washer.
1372	B000P36UZQ	R3E5TF212IBNSA	Miele Toy Washing Machine	This machine is all washed up!	I purchased this for my daughter.  We opened the box, removed the toy washing machine and proceeded to put batteries in it.  The machine did not work, so I opened up another box of batteries thinking that maybe it was the batteries; nope it was the toy itself.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!  I am sorry I did not read the reviews prior to purchasing this junk.  This is being shipped back today for a refund.  Lesson learned!
1373	B002HT0958	R383AH6O5X6CUY	Mini Countertop Spin Dryer Clothes Spin Dryer Portable Clothes Dryer	very useful	I find this little spin dryer very handy, for hand washing and saving trips to the laundromat. It works as advertised and is surprisingly quiet.
1374	B007GD1CK6	RW33Z3S7W3B21	LG 3.6 Cu. Ft. White Front Load Steam Washer - WM2650HRA	Spoiler alert! Washer is actually 30.25 inches deep!	Love the machine. Love the features! Hate the modification to the laundry room to make it fit. LG did not take into account the necessary room to accommodate attaching hoses to back. They also neglected to include for the curved front that extends beyond the floor measurement. If we were renting we could not have done the necessary modifications to make it fit!
1375	B002UYSHMM	R190FE6Z1ZNE7W	Haier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer	NO MORE LAUNDRY DAY	This Little washer is great.Ive had it about two weeks and no problems.Its small, the casters are junk.I would leave the rubber mounts on.it is so light i can slide it to my sink in my apartment.dont overload this machine with heavy items.i work on cars for a living.when i put two pair of dirty work pants in they get clean but not as clean as just one with a pair of sox or a shirt.one pair of pants per load.does sheets great.just watch the machine it tends to get unbalanced with a heavier load.overall cant complain.the spin dry is really good i dont even have a dryer and my things usually dry overnight.very quite.worth the money.and who can beat free shipping.amazon rocks!!!
1376	B001FDV410	R1LHD9URTAEDWL	Haier HLP23E Electronic 1-1/2-Cubic-Foot Touch Pulsator Top-Loading Portable Washing Machine	Gift From the Heavens!!!	My husband and I live in an apartment with no washer or dryer. For a year we've gone to a laundry mat with no A/C every week and spend $25-$30. I finally had enough when I saw a homeless man eating out of the trash inside the laundry mat just a few feet from me! I went online that day to look for a small washer and dryer that would work with a 120 v outlet. I kept seeing Haier brand and read all the reviews and decided to purchase them from home depot which was the best price and most well know website. To sweeten the deal Home Depot had a discount offer at this time that got us $25.00 off our purchase which made the price cheaper than the other websites. Yay! We were happy so far.... Even better we got the washer and dryer in less than a week and both at the same time. Hooking up the washer was super easy just connecting some hoses to the bathroom sink. I was so surprised how much I could fit in one load. The largest load it fit and washed perfectly was 3 of my husband's work jeans and 2 of my jeans. In just 3 loads I had all my laundry done. It was very quiet but the swishing noises made my kitten and dog curious. Also I used the Downey ball and it work perfectly! Largest wash load took only about 45min. I'm so sorry I waited so long to buy this washer, it works great and I'm very happy with the size and price. Haier washing machine:$219.00, Price per YEAR to use:$38.00, Not wondering who washed their clothes in the washer before me and watching a homeless man eat from the trash while sitting in a laundry mat for over 2 hours: PRICELESS!!!
1377	B002UYSHMM	R3M8TK0QOH0N5O	Haier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer	Don't Think About It...Just Buy It!!	I purchased this washer after viewing the video review of another Amazon customer. I bought mine from Amazon's Air & Water vendor. The delivery was super quick...literally received it within one day of getting the shipping notification email.The funniest thing was when I noticed that the washer was still a little wet inside. I loved this because it told me that Air & Water had tested this before sending it to me. As I read the manual, it stated exactly that. This is good because you know it is not being sent to you blindly.I followed all of the instructions listed in the manual...no creative rethinking. Just follow what they say, if you don't then you will probably have issues with your washer.Putting on the bottom panel and the rolling casters was pretty straight forward. The most difficult part was getting the hose to fit into the faucet. Once I re-read the instructions, I was able to get it in perfect with no spraying etc. It comes with various size adapters so that one of them will fit into your type of faucet. If not, you probably have some custom made faucet which means you need a custom made adapter. I use this washer with my kitchen faucet and it has worked great. As for the grey tube (this is where the water comes out of), I just lay it in my sink. When I say lay it in my sink, I mean just that. I do not put anything heavy on it or tie it anywhere. I have yet to experience any firefighter hose-like activity by doing just this.The washer itself is amazing. The pros are an ongoing list, here are the most important to me:small and efficienthandles all types of clothingdoesn't leak water anywhereable to use any type of detergentquiet spin cycleI am a person who is super anal about my washing meaning I sort my clothes by color (yellow, red, light blue, dark blue, etc) not by just white and colors. I also wash them late at night (12am - 1am) which cuts down on waiting for a machine. I was getting tired of lugging my clothes on the train and having to deal with people asking me for money at 3am.Getting a machine that was going to handle my craziness and my preteen son's ability to dirty every article of clothing he uses in one wear was important to me. He gave me a pair of white shorts that looked like he did a "do or die mission" in them. I used my regular detergent as a spot treatment for certain stains and threw them in with the rest of the whites using the regular cycle. I took them out and was pleased to see that they were back to their normal self. I have used this machine to wash more than 15 loads of clothes. It gets everything clean in one wash...no need to rewash or prewash.The only con is that I had no idea this washer existed. It is by far the best purchase I have made in a long time. I'm now able to wash my clothes whenever I feel like it. No more hauling my clothes on the train, laudromats or encounters with the money deprived night owls in my borough.
1378	B002UYSHMM	R2A1NL0GD38BVN	Haier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer	It's a Perfect Solution & I LOVE it!!!	Oh my, where to start. This is one nifty little machine. It's very easy to assemble and operate. It weighs about 60 pounds and comes in a slide-off top type box. The metal base plate is in the top of the box. Lay the machine on it's FRONT side (per directions) & bolt on the plate. It is a little difficult to get the plate on but not impossible. I only had 2 screws and holes that wouldn't line up straight but I didn't see it as a big deal. The plate doesn't really have any function anyway except to muffle operation noise and protect the inner workings from damage if anything is shoved up under the machine.The machine comes with leveling feet already installed but it also has casters, which I preferred. Just unscrew the leveling feet and screw in the casters if you plan on moving the machine around frequently. The casters do have flip locks on each wheel so make sure they are in the unlocked position for easy rolling. You can lock down the front 2 if you wish during operation.Make sure you have a leveler on hand so you can get the machine as level as possible before operation. That helps tremendously with balanced loads. The hoses are easy to connect and make sure you have pliers on hand for and extra snug fit. It prevents the water leaks others complain about. The included faucet adapter did not fit anything in my house properly HOWEVER the water hose hooks up to the end of a garden hose perfectly!! I didn't have a way to run down to the store so I ran a hose through a window and got water to the machine that way. I really, REALLY wanted to use this machine and see how it worked.I have a handheld shower nozzle in the tub so I used a small piece of rope to secure the washer drain hose to the hose in the shower. The water comes out in a pretty powerful stream and if I had just hung it, it would have come off. The drain hose has to be at least 31 inches high and no more than 40 inches high (also according to the instructions).My final verdict....it's a wonderful little machine. It's compact but does what the big boys does on a smaller scale. I was amazed at how well it cleaned clothes. The digital panel is easy to operate and I love the clear lid on top.If you do things right you should have a smooth setup and operation. Read the instruction manual FIRST, it's not very long and simple to understand. I was a bit surprised to have a little water come out of the hose when I took it out of the box but since that seems to be a common report with other consumers, I think that is just a side effect of the machine being quality tested before it's boxed for retail sale. It does not in any way make the machine not new.
1379	B000BTDNEK	R1PZ5XICZHPXKB	Wonder Washer	Great little machine	I bought this machine from another source, it IS cheaper here on Amazon though...anyway. I use it for my kids clothes and it is WONDERFUL for someone who doesn't have a washing machine in their house! Easy to set up and works great!
1380	B003SQ7I5S	REKT65J6LVRSR	Mobile Washer (Hand Operated Washing Machine)	Great buy	At this price this thing is well worth the money. I use this with a 5 gallon bucket and it does what I expected. It doesn't get the little food stains out of my tees, but it does get everything else out: smells, grease, etc... I think if I spot-dab the little stains with liquid soap before I use it, it may get the stains out. I feel that it is more gentle on my clothes and may make them last longer. No more lugging my load of laundry into my car and then to the mat. I just do it in my bathtub. Perfect if you're a student or live in an apartment. Also saves time: I think I can get a small load done in less than ten minutes; wash and rinse. Also saves electricity by working off muscle-power. I feel like I get a little workout from it too. 2-in-1 tool, awesome!
1381	B002QUAPSO	R2EIE4PSXOU39D	Rapid Washer - DIY Manual Hand Washing Machine	So glad I found this......	I was using a washboard to do my laundry and it worked well, but was putting a strain on my back and arms. This came up after I order my washboard from Amazon.com awhile ago, and I promised myself that I would order it later. Well I did, and I love it. I read reviews and I put a broom handle on the Hand washing machine and didn't have any back pain at all. I switched to hand washing because when washing at laundry mat, I was breaking out after wearing my clothes. I have very sensitive skin and hand washing is the only way for me to wash and rinse all the detergent out of my clothes. This thing is great. I can wash a tub of clothes now in less time and really get detergent out of my clothing. I also live in an apartment and didn't like dragging my baskets of clothes and washing items down the steps to my car. I would definitely recommend this to any one that has allergies to detergents and/or perfumes that irritate the skin. It gets everything out of the clothing with less work compared to traditional hand washing. Great product. :)
1382	B002QUAPSO	RIILGCJPBGIQ3	Rapid Washer - DIY Manual Hand Washing Machine	the reviews are true	the washing machine at my place doesn't work half the time and i like washing my clothes by hand.. i also line living simple and i gave away alot of my clothes away so i just own boardshorts, undershirts, socks and work uniforms.. the reviews are all correct about this tool, it currants VERY good and it gets tough stains out :) i do recommend you go to ace hardware and buy a broom stick with metal screw part and replace the stock stock with it.. .
1383	B003SQ7I5S	R1WQ2TRZ0P9H84	Mobile Washer (Hand Operated Washing Machine)	the best back pack washer	this is made for the extra big back packer because it's not flexible like I thought. so it took some room to put it in the pack but if you plan to be awhile in the wilderness and don't want to pack a lot of clothes then take the washer and wash the ones you did pack. you choose. a little extra room for the washer or more weight in clothes.
1384	B0002KXMT4	R249N5WL7CGLXC	Haier HLP21N 6.6-Pound Pulsator Wash with Stainless Steel Tub	How did I live without it??	I have owned this washer for a little over 1 year and use it to wash 2 laods, every day. That's every single day, without fail, sometimes even more then 2 loads.I live in an apt building where the laundry room in the basement was very small for all the tenants, and VERY expensive ($3 to wash $2 to dry). Not only the fact that I was paying $5/load, I had to STAND IN LINE to get a washer as there are only 8 washers/dyers for a 20 floor building (dumb I know) and you dare not leave you clothing there. So needless to say this was very annoying and time consuming!After living here for 7 months my husband and I finally gave up and bought this washer. I have no idea why we waited so long as this is a life saver!It washes better then the ones in the laundry room and since I don't pay utilities, it's free! I'm not sure why other people complained of it's capacity or this noise problem as we have neither. We use it in the kitchen, which is pretty much open to the living/dining room and dont have to turn the TV up when we wash. You can't hear it in the hall, or anywhere else so it's awesome. The only tim eyou can hear it is when it does a hard spin and if you can't handle 30 seconds of spinning then maybe you shouldn't own a washer.As for capacity, it's not that small! In a regular load I can get in 4 t shirts, 1 pair of pj pants, 1 pair of pj shorts and the socks/undies that went with those outfits OR 2 pairs of jeans/heavy pants OR 1 queen sheet with 2 pillow cases OR 4 crib sheets ETC... So, it does fit a good amount for being a small washer and no, I never cram it full.I have NEVER had a leaking problem, but again, I dont cram it full, always make sure the connections are on well, use it on level ground... so basically I use it carefully and properly. The only thing I can complain about it that it does tend to get unbalanced and if you don't pay attention it will go into endless rinse cycles. So what I have done is just shut the water off after the first rinse and if it unbalances I turn it off, mix the clothes around a bit, turn it back on and set it to spin only. Never an issue as I never have, and never would, leave ANY washer running and go out.Anyway, I absolutely LOVE this machine and would buy another if this one dies before we move into a house!
1385	B002C8HR9A	RJV8Y3LZBL25C	Wonderwash	Perfect Alternative	If you are limited in space and do not have washer and dryer connections this is just the thing.  I wash most of my clothes on hand after seeing pet bedding and other pet items being washed in my apartment's laundry facility. This is a giant step up from hand washing as it really saves me time.  I do muscle training so the hand crank is really easy. Coupled with the Centrifugal dryer it takes me a fourth of the time I used for handwashing before.  Just follow instructions and it works great!  It also helps to read the reviews to avoid mistakes made by others.
1386	B002C8HR9A	RBQJRZAWBE31D	Wonderwash	Wish I had bought one ages ago	So far, so good! It's done everything it said it would do. I can highly recommend it to my friends.
1387	B002C8HR9A	R3JG6N3VFOYXH5	Wonderwash	You get what you pay for.	I would say that ,for what I payed for it,the Wonderwash(er) is an excellent supplemental tool.I have mine on my kitchen counter and it is very useful as I am a single man who only sporadically can make it to the Laundromat. Whether the clothes are actually very clean at the end of the process is up for discussion.I note a strong aroma of the detergent I use in them which I guess would eradicate any other smell.The only difficulty I can see is it's ability to wash out neck stain without an overnight soak...all in all I am not displeased with my purchase at all and I have owned it now for close to two years.
1388	B002C8HR9A	R2WFTMPJGYOUAJ	Wonderwash	Summary of my Review	We have a cabin with no electricity in Michigan's U.P.  We loved the concept of being about to do laundry right at the cabin and not having to drive 40 miles, one way to a laundry mat. It actually holds MORE then we thought it would!!
1390	B000BTDNEK	R20YXHHA9YK0XS	Wonder Washer	Excellent For What You Get	For a bucket with a motor attached this is a get way to wash clothes.  I do all of my washing with it and my clothes come out whiter and fresher looking that they did when I went out and used large machines.  It does take some time to get your washing finished but I do it three to four times a week and it works out fine.  For one  person I think it is well worth buying.
1391	B002UYSHMM	RN4JRLMCY2KT8	Haier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer	Haier Washer	This was the most useful thing that I have bought on the internet . It washes the clothes really clean andis comparable to the bigger washers . I can get more in there since it doesn't have an agitator .When my garagespigot busted I hauled that in my kitchen . I love thatthing a lot . You can select water level , quick wash, and heavy wash . There is so much that you can do with this little washer . I put a lot of laundry detergent in it so I send it through the wash cycle twice . You can do it . It is very versatile .
1392	B000BTDNEK	R26HAJ9GM9QUFY	Wonder Washer	Very convenient	I have found this nifty item to be a life saver- I live on the third floor, don't have a car and it is very difficult for me to get to the laundrette all the time.  I have even washed heavy jeans in this. The only downside is  there is no draining, it has to be emptied in the sink, so the clothes are sopping wet when you are through- I have to leave them to drain for awhile before hanging- This would be absolutely perfect for a dorm room.
1393	B0039V7JFG	R3N6149M4V0ZYH	LG 3.6 CF FRONT LOAD WASHER DRYER COMBO	LG Support is dreadful - steer clear	We bought our unit online at Applicance Connection. If you buy an appliance buy it from a store! Our unit arrived broken and we have been battling LG for 2 months, 8 services calls later (and over 20 telephone calls!), they are still "reviewing" our case! While the concept of the all in one is awesome, LG is a nightmare. Their customer support is shameful and we are suffering! Used up a week of vacation time to deal with all of the service calls and still no resolution! Buy from brick and mortar where they will take care of their customers directly and NOT make you deal with the manufacturer to resolve your issues. SHAMEFUL!The actual unit itself is a great concept--just pray you get a good one!
1394	B002UYSHMM	R3BJ0V0YNNUOG7	Haier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer	Great little washer - Love it !	This machine is a very good investment.  It has electronic controls, and gives a nice beep signal when the cycle is completed.  It will also give you a beep signal if the load become unbalanced.  Regarding the noise while the cycle is going (IT'S VERY QUIET). The hook-up instructions for this machine are simple. Its great for a small family. I thought I needed a large machine - but with this machine that's definitely not true - I'm so happy I didn't spend $700 or more on a washing machine!  It's able to wash full size sheets - (two or three sheets maximum at a time).  If you can buy it for under $200.00 - I'd say go for it!  I've had it for about two months now and everything is great!  If and when I need a dryer - I will buy the matching dryer.I call it the 'little engine that could'.
1395	B002HT0958	R2W7I9JNV2UUOY	Mini Countertop Spin Dryer Clothes Spin Dryer Portable Clothes Dryer	Rattles a bit with heavy items, but still a good buy!	Once I got the spin dryer home, and tried it on a pair of wet jeans, it rattled a bit too much. It's best to use a shorter spin cycle to get most of the water out on heavy items. I tried it again on a longer cycle onunder-garments and shirts and it was absolutely perfect!It's important to put place this item on a hard surface when in use, and the tumbler must be balanced, or it will rattle all over the place. Otherwise, it is a quiet spin. I can still hear my tv, and spin dry at the same time.I wish it came with a longer hose though, instead of the extra connecting hose, which can be messy if not connected properly.Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase.
1396	B0002KXMT4	R192J3CS870KK5	Haier HLP21N 6.6-Pound Pulsator Wash with Stainless Steel Tub	broken from the get go	this product came broken and wet, a complete waste of money.. you're better off washing your clothes in your hands.... that's how bad this machineHaier HLP21N Pulsator 1-Cubic-Foot Portable Washer
1397	B002C8HR9A	R15C33TK7YH2RO	Wonderwash	Not exactly a "wonder" but works ok for diapers	Got the wonderwash because I live in an apartment but wanted to use cloth diapers to save money. The wonderwash works ok for the diapers, however I rinse them myself by hand. Essentially I just use it to toss around the diapers in the detergent and use my hand to agitate the diapers to get a better clean. I have used the wonderwash for thin cotton tshirts and it worked fine. Ringing out isn't the most fun thing to do but if your not washing a lot I wouldn't see a need for a spinner. I have two kids and I don't see it replacing a washer for a whole family, especially if you have younger kids who get a lot of stuff on their clothing. I had attempted to wash a shirt with stains to see if anything came out and the shirt was just as dirty as it was before it went in. I also can't really see it working well for jeans or heavy fabrics but I haven't tried do I can't really review on that. The structure if the wonderwash is pretty cheap. The base is very shaky and the little tabs over the holes where the base locks together continually fall off. Overall I give 4 stars because I bought it for diapers and am successfully cleaning poop and pee from them on a daily basis with no staining or smells. I think this comes partly from a good detergent (Rockin green) but the wonderwash is part of the system as well. Happy with my purchase
1398	B0039V7JFG	RB1USLG1XYTAG	LG 3.6 CF FRONT LOAD WASHER DRYER COMBO	very good looking but performs terribly...	soooo my wife and I decided to splurge..... on a washer/dryer. we bought this particular model and oh man when it came were we excited.... it looked absolutely gorgeous, modern, and top of the line. pristine. however when my clothes would wash and end up crumpled in the corner with tons of knots and wrinkles.... when the dryer couldn't dry anything even after 4 hours of drying...... when the machine lags and malfunctions constantly.... we finally learned the age old lesson do not judge a book.... by its cover. this product deserves 1 star we have since sent it back to the store.
1399	B002C8HR9A	R35L63WZ7ZNJK6	Wonderwash	Works exactly as advertised	While it's not perfect, it doesn't claim to be either. Heavily soiled or stained items will still need to be washed in a machine. Clothes that dry after being washed with the Wonderwash could stand a fluff cycle in a dryer if you have one available so they aren't so stiff. They do come out cleaner though, and for small bits of laundry, like underwear, socks or polos, it works just fine and they do not take too long to dry.I did not find any of the materials to be cheaply made whatsoever. Additionally, there are no assembly instructions and I found none to be necessary. Simply by looking at the parts, it is easy to see how they all fit together. I assembled the whole thing in about 5 minutes or less.A tip that I've found, which I think a few others have posted as well, would be to let the clothes soak for a bit after you spin them around and before you rinse. The instructions say just to spin for a few minutes and you're done, but I had much more success getting out simple messes like pen marks when the clothes are soaked for 15-30 mins.
